Q113A: "null"
Q56: a.  all civil servants should keep their jobs, even if paying their salaries is costly to the country.  b.  the government cannot afford so many public employees and should lay off some of them
Q16: a.  as a community, we are usually able to make our elected representatives listen to our problems.  b.  we are usually unable to make our elected representatives listen to us
Q53: a.  everyone should be free to earn as much as they can, even if this leads to differences in income between people.  b.  the government should place limits on how much rich people can earn, even if this discourages some people from working hard
Q60: a.  in rural areas, land should be owned by the community and allocated by the traditional rulers.  b.  people should be able to own their own land, including buying and selling it, even in rural areas
Q54: a.  it is better to have goods available in the market, even if the prices are high.  b.  it is better to have low prices, even if there are shortages of goods
Q17: a.  no matter who we vote for, things will not get any better in the future.  b.  we can use our power as voters to choose leaders who will help us improve our lives
Q46: a.  our present system of elected government should be able to deal with inherited problems, even if this takes time.  b.  if democracy can’t produce results soon, we should try another form of government
Q51: a.  people should look after themselves and be responsible for their own success in life.  b.  the government should bear the main responsibility for ensuring the well-being of people
Q41: a.  the best form of government is a government elected by the people.  b.  the best form of government is a government that gets things done
Q58: a.  the costs of reforming the economy are too high; the government should therefore change its economic policies.  b.  in order for the economy to get better in the future, it is necessary for us to accept some hardships now
Q57: a.  the government should retain ownership of its factories, businesses, and farms.  b.  it is better for the government to sell its businesses to private companies and individuals
Q15: a.  the way the government operates sometimes seems so complicated that i cannot really understand what is going on?  b.  i can usually understand the way that government works?
Q23: a.  there is no sense in trying to start a new business because it might lose money.  b.  if a person has a good idea for a business, they should invest their own savings or borrow money to try to make it succeed
Q30: a. in [country] today, there is not enough respect for authority.    b. we [country]ns should be more active in questioning the authority of our leaders
Q27: a. in discussions about politics with friends and neighbors, i can influence the opinions of others.  b.  as far as politics is concerned, friends and neighbors do not listen to me
Q65: a. in order to create jobs, the government should encourage foreign companies to invest in our country.    b. the government should be wary of foreign investors because they may gain control of our national wealth
Q52: a. the best way to create jobs is to encourage people to start their own businesses.  b.  the government should provide employment for everyone who wants to work
Q67: a. the government's economic policies have helped most people; only a few have suffered.    b. the government's economic policies have hurt most people and only benefited a few
Q37: a. the president of [country] should be able to change the constitution whenever he chooses.    b. in [country], even the president should obey the constitution
Q--: among these members, how many children are there below 18 years of age?
Q51C: and do you trust the following social institutions?  c. trade unions (urban) or farmers’ organizations (rural)
Q51B: and do you trust the following social institutions? b. mosques
Q49A: and how much do you trust the following social institutions: a. churches?
Q55: are ____________s’ [respondent’s identity group] economic conditions worse, the same as, or better than other group in this country?
Q33: are you a registered voter?
Q3B: can you  read and write in english?
Q25A: can you tell me the name of the chairman of the local government council in this area?
Q25D: can you tell me the name of the minister of finance?
Q25C: can you tell me the name of:  c.  the governor of this state?
Q25E: can you tell me the name of:  e.  the vice-president of [country]?
Q25B: can you tell me the name of:  the member of the house of representatives for this area?
Q3A: can you understand spoken english?
Q89: compared with five years ago, do you feel more or less safe when walking about alone?
Q10C: considering all your economic activities (that is, your main occupation plus other things you do to earn money), do you currently:  c.  employ other people to work for you?
Q10E: considering all your economic activities (that is, your main occupation plus other things you do to earn money), do you currently:  e.  owe money that you have borrowed for business purposes?
Q8D: considering all your economic activities (that is, your main occupation plus other things you do to earn money), do you currently: d. operate a bank or savings account?
Qdateintr: date of interview
Q100: did the respondent check with others for information to answer any question?
Q83: do you feel close to any particular party?
Q101: do you think that anyone influenced the respondent’s answers during the interview?
Q95: do you think that the government represents the interests of all [country]ns, the interests of just a few group, or the interests of one group only?
Q50F: do you trust the following institutions?  f.  the army
Q76A: during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem: a. a traditional ruler?
Q78B: during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem?  b.  a local government chairman or councillor
Q78C: during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem?  c.  a national assembly representative
Q90: generally speaking, how would you describe the settlement pattern?
Q59: generally speaking, would you say that most people can be trusted or that you must be very careful in dealing with people?
Q49: have you ever heard about the structural adjustment program (sap)?
Q84A: here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other .  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements.  a.  you feel proud to be ____
Q84G: here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country].  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements.   g.  all people who were born in this country, regardless of what group they belong to, should be treated as equal [country]
Q84B: here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country].  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements.  b.  you would want your children to think of themselves as ______
Q88A: here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns. there are no right or wrong answers. we are simply interested in your opinions. please tell me whether you disagree or agree with these statements: a. you feel proud to be a ____________?
Q88C: here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns. there are no right or wrong answers. we are simply interested in your opinions. please tell me whether you disagree or agree with these statements: c. people who were not born in this country should be allowed to become [country]n citizens?
Q83C: here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other people of [country].  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements.  c.  of all the group in this country, ____ people are the best
Q83D: here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other people of [country].  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements.  d.  you feel much stronger ties to ______s than to other citizens of [country]
Q12: how interested are you in politics and government?
Q21A: how long do you think it will take: a. before the government fulfills the promises it has made?
Q21B: how long do you think it will take: b. before your own living standards meet your expectations?
Q106: how many houses within the locality are formal houses?
Q43J: how much do you trust each of the following: courts of law?
Q43C: how much do you trust each of the following: the independent national electoral commission?
Q43B: how much do you trust each of the following: the national assembly?
Q48B: how much do you trust the following institutions: b. local government authorities?
Q48E: how much do you trust the following institutions: e. political parties?
Q6: how much education have you had?
Q22B: how often do you get news from: b. television?
Q22C: how often do you get news from: c. newspapers?
Q86: how often, if ever, has a public official asked you for a bribe or a favor in return for getting something you were entitled to?
Q8B: how satisfied are you with:  b.  the condition of the [country]n economy today?
Q13B: how satisfied are you:  b.  with your own living conditions today?
Q50: how satisfied or unsatisfied are you with the sap?
Q45G: how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters: addressing educational needs?
Q45B: how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters: creating jobs?
Q45I: how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters: ensuring everyone has enough to eat?
Q45J: how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters: fighting corruption in government?
Q45D: how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters: narrowing income gaps between rich and poor?
Q22G: how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems?  g.  improving basic health services
Q18D: how well would you say the government is handling the following problems?  d.  reducing crime
Q92: how would you describe your household financial situation in the last year? did you save money, spend all your income, spend some of your own savings, or borrow money to live on?
Q62B: i am going to read out a list of things that are important for development of our country.  in your opinion, who is responsible for providing these things?  the government, private businesses, or individuals?  or some combination of these providers?  b.  building your house
Q60A: i am going to read out a list of things that are important for the development of our country. in your opinion, who is responsible for providing these things? the government, private businesses, or the people themselves? or some combination of these providers: protecting the nation’s borders?
Q47A: i am going to read out some things that people sometimes say about a democratic political system.  could you please tell me if you agree or disagree after i read out each one?  a.  in a democracy, the economic system runs badly
Q47B: i am going to read out some things that people sometimes say about a democratic political system.  could you please tell me if you agree or disagree after i read out each one?  b.  democracies are indecisive and have too much squabbling
Q47D: i am going to read out some things that people sometimes say about a democratic political system.  could you please tell me if you agree or disagree after i read out each one?  d.  democracy may have problems, but its better than any other form of government
Q60C: i am know going to read you a list of people and organizations.  how much do you trust each of them to do what is right?  c.  the police
Q75A: i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens. please tell me how often you, personally, have done any of these things during the last five years: a. attended a community meeting?
Q75B: i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens. please tell me how often you, personally, have done any of these things during the last five years: b. got together with others to raise an issue?
Q75D: i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens. please tell me how often you, personally, have done any of these things during the last five years: d. worked for a political candidate or party?
Q90A: if you ever felt unsafe in your surroundings, how likely would you be to take the following actions:  a.  report to the police?
Q90B: if you ever felt unsafe in your surroundings, how likely would you be to take the following actions:  b.  carry something for protection, like a weapon?
Q90C: if you ever felt unsafe in your surroundings, how likely would you be to take the following actions:  c.  have other people with you when going out?
Q90D: if you ever felt unsafe in your surroundings, how likely would you be to take the following actions:  d.  try to form a group with other citizens to combat crime?
Q26A: in [country], is there a difference between what the following organizations do or do they do the same thing?  a.  the traditional rulers and the government   
Q39A: in the last five years, have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem?  a.  a traditional ruler
Q39D: in the last five years, have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem?  d. an official of a government ministry
Q39F: in the last five years, have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem?  f. some other influential person
Q88A1: in the past two years, have you or anyone else you know been attacked or robbed when moving about in public?  a.  no, no one?
Q88A2: in the past two years, have you or anyone else you know been attacked or robbed when moving about in public?  b.  friends or acquaintances?
Q88B2: in the past two years, have you or anyone else you know had their house broken into and had something stolen?  b.  friend or acquaintance?
Q88B3: in the past two years, have you or anyone else you know had their house broken into and had something stolen?  c.  family member?
Q88B1: in the past two years, have you or anyone else you know had your or their house broken into and had something stolen?  a.  no, no one
Q98: in what type of shelter does the respondent live?
Q22A: in your opinion, do these various news sources promote public understanding on important issues or do they stir up conflict among people?  a.  radio
Q19: in your opinion, how often are _______(respondent’s identity from q18) treated unfairly by the government?
Q36: in your opinion, was this election conducted honestly or dishonestly?
Q70: in your opinion, which group has benefited the most? variable level:  which group has benefited?
Q103: more specifically, what sort of settlement was it?
Q6A: now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations.  for each one, could you tell me whether you are an active member, an inactive member, or not a member of that organization?:  a. church, mosque, or religious organization
Q6K: now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations.  for each one, could you tell me whether you are an active member, an inactive member, or not a member of that organization?:  k.  other (specify)
Q9B: over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or your family gone without: enough clean water for home use?
Q9A: over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or your family gone without: enough food to eat?
Q9C: over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or your family gone without: medicines or medical treatment?
Q40: overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in [country]? are you:
Q32B: people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones i will mention now. in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these: b. anyone is free to criticize the government?
Q32E: people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones i will mention now. in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these: e. everyone enjoys basic necessities like shelter, food and water?
Q33C: people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones that i will mention now.  in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these.  c.  elections are held regularly
Q103D: people associate democracy with many diverse meanings such as the ones that i will mention now.  in order for a society to be called democratic, is each of these.  d.  at least two political parties competing with each other
Q81: please say whether you agree or disagree with the following statements.  there are no right or wrong answers.  just tell me what you think.  politicians and civil servants are trying their best to look after the interests of people like me
Q82: please say whether you agree or disagree with the following statements.  there are no right or wrong answers.  just tell me what you think.  rather than protecting his friends, the president will fight corruption wherever he finds it
Q80: please say whether you agree or disagree with the following statements.  there are no right or wrong answers.  just tell me what you think.  the best way to get ahead in this life is to have contacts with important people in high places
QPSU Number: psu number
Qrespno: respondent number
Q85: roughly how much do you and your spouse together earn per month?
Q115A: roughly how much of the last 10 km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads: graded sand or dirt roads?
Q115C: roughly how much of the last 10 km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads: off road?
Q106D: roughly how much of the last 10km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads:   d. tarred or concrete?
Q76C: since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of:  c.  the governor of this state
Q76D: since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of:  d.  the local government chairman or woman for this area?
Q74D: since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of: d. any judge or lawyer you have encountered?
Q74E: since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of: e. political parties?
Q44B: some people say that we would be better off if the country was governed differently.  what do you think about the following options?  b.  we should have only one political party
Q44C: some people say that we would be better off if the country was governed differently.  what do you think about the following options?  c.  the army should come in to govern the country
Q43D: some people say that we would be better off if the country was governed differently. what do you think about the following options:  d. the most important decisions, for example on the economy, should be left to experts?
Q43A: some people say that we would be better off if the country was governed differently. what do you think about the following options: a. we should get rid of elections so that a strong leader can decide everything?
Qstate: state
Q35C: there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives? the army comes in to govern the country
Q12C: to whom do you usually turn when you are unable to get:  c.  schooling for children?
Q12D: to whom do you usually turn when you are unable to get:  d.  health care for your family?
Q10A: to whom do you usually turn when you are unable to get: a. food for your family?
Q10B: to whom do you usually turn when you are unable to get: b. water for domestic use?
Q35: understanding that some [country]ns choose not to vote, let me ask you:  did you vote in the presidential election of may 1996?
Q73B: understanding that some [country]ns choose not to vote, let me ask you:  did you vote:  b. in the national assembly elections of february 1999
Q73D: understanding that some [country]ns choose not to vote, let me ask you:  did you vote:  d.  in the local government elections of december 1998
Q36D: we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of military rule. please tell me if the following things are worse or better now than they used to be, or about the same: freedom to choose who to vote for without feeling pressured?
Q42D: we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of one party rule. please tell me if the following things are better or worse now than they used to be: d. ordinary people can influence what government does
Q42E: we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of one party rule. please tell me if the following things are better or worse now than they used to be: e. everybody is treated equally and fairly by the government
Q42C: we are now going to discuss how much you like different kinds of government  i would like you to give marks out of ten. let us say that the best government gets 10 out of 10 and the worst kind of government gets only 1 out of 10.  what mark would you give to:  c.  the former colonial system (that is, when the british ruled)?
Q41A: we are now going to discuss how much you like different kinds of government i would like you to give marks out of ten. let us say that the best government gets 10 out of 10 and the worst government gets 1 out of 10. what mark would you give to:  a. our present system of government with free elections and many parties?
Q41E: we are now going to discuss how much you like different kinds of government i would like you to give marks out of ten. let us say that the best government gets 10 out of 10 and the worst government gets 1 out of 10. what mark would you give to: e. the system of government that you expect [country] to have in five years time?
Q18: we have spoken to many [country]ns and they have all described themselves in different ways.  some people describe themselves in terms of their region, language, ethnic group, religion, or gender.  others describe themselves in economic terms, such as working class, middle class, or according to their occupation (e.g. a farmer or a housewife).  besides being [country]n, which specific group do you feel you belong to first and foremost?
Q52E: we know that some people obey the law and others do not.  in your opinion, how often do [country]ns break the law by engaging in the following acts?  e.  evading income taxes
Q50C: we know that some people obey the law and others do not. in your opinion, how often do [country]ns break tdhe law by engaging in the following acts: c. selling goods without a trader's license?
Q50A: we know that some people obey the law and others do not. in your opinion, how often do [country]ns break the law by engaging in the following acts: a. throwing rubbish in public places?
Q50B: we know that some people obey the law and others do not. in your opinion, how often do [country]ns break the law by engaging in the following acts: b. disregarding traffic signs and traffic lights?
Q50D: we know that some people obey the law and others do not. in your opinion, how often do [country]ns break the law by engaging in the following acts: d. not paying for services like piped water?
Q108A: were there any other people immediately present who might be listening during the interview?  a.  no one present?
Q1: what is the respondent’s gender?
Q7: what is your main occupation?
Q102: what proportion of the questions do you feel the respondent had difficulty answering?
Q103C: what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview: cooperative, in between, or uncooperative?
Q103A: what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview: friendly, in between, or hostile?
Q112D: what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview?  d.  patient or impatient?
Q140: what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview?  interested or bored?
Q103E: what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview? was he or she: at ease, in between, or suspicious?
Q133: what was the roof made of:
Q79A: what would you do if the government took any of the following actions: a. told you which religion you had to follow?
Q79B: what would you do if the government took any of the following actions: b. stopped you from traveling freely within the country?
Q79C: what would you do if the government took any of the following actions: c. shut down newspapers that criticized the government?
Q79D: what would you do if the government took any of the following actions: d. dismissed judges who ruled against the government?
Q79E: what would you do if the government took any of the following actions: e. suspended the national assembly (parliament) and canceled the next elections?
Q27 (responses 1-3).: when you hear the word democracy, what is the first thing that comes to your mind?
Q10: when you look at your life today, how satisfied do you feel compared with five years ago?
Q11: when you look forward at your life’s prospects, how satisfied do you expect to be in one year’s time?
Q74: when you voted for the national assembly, did you vote for an individual or for a political party?
Q2: which [country]n language do you speak most often?
Q96A (1st group mentioned): which group do you mean?
Q38: which of these three statements is closest to your own opinion?  a: democracy is preferable to any other kind of government b: in some circumstances, a non-democratic government can be preferable. c: for someone like me, it doesn’t matter what kind of government we have
Q87A (1st group mentioned): which office(s) or agency(ies) did the official work for?
Q84: which one?
Q34: why not?
Q9: would you say that your own living conditions are worse than, the same as, or better than other [country]ns?
