Q97: "null"
Q48A: a.  a referendum is the same thing as an election
Q68: a.  a woman’s place is in the home; women should not try to speak out about politics.  b.  a women should exercise her right to speak out about politics, even if her husband disagrees
Q56: a.  all civil servants should keep their jobs, even if paying their salaries is costly to the country.  b.  the government cannot afford so many public employees and should lay off some of them
Q66: a.  all members of a family should hold the same political opinions.  b.  every family member should be free to make up his or her own mind on political issues
Q16: a.  as a community, we are usually able to make our elected representatives listen to our problems.  b.  we are usually unable to make our elected representatives listen to us
Q72A: a.  at least two political parties are needed to provide people with real choices of leaders
Q53: a.  everyone should be free to earn as much as they can, even if this leads to differences in income between people.  b.  the government should place limits on how much rich people can earn, even if this discourages some people from working hard
Q14: a.  in discussions about politics with friends and neighbors, i can influence the opinions of others?  b.  as far as politics are concerned, friends and neighbors do not listen to me?
Q55: a.  it is better to have free schooling for our children, even if the quality of education is low.  b.  it is better to raise educational standards, even if we have to pay school fees
Q54: a.  it is better to have goods available in the market, even if the prices are high.  b.  it is better to have low prices, even if there are shortages of goods
Q17: a.  no matter who we vote for, things will not get any better in the future.  b.  we can use our power as voters to choose leaders who will help us improve our lives
Q32: a.  our present system of government should be able to deal with problems inherited from the past, even if this takes time.  b.  if our system of government can’t produce results soon, we should try another system
Q51: a.  people should look after themselves and be responsible for their own success in life.  b.  the government should bear the main responsibility for ensuring the well-being of people
Q58: a.  the costs of reforming the economy are too high; the government should therefore change its economic policies.  b.  in order for the economy to get better in the future, it is necessary for us to accept some hardships now
Q57: a.  the government should retain ownership of its factories, businesses, and farms.  b.  it is better for the government to sell its businesses to private companies and individuals
Q15: a.  the way the government operates sometimes seems so complicated that i cannot really understand what is going on?  b.  i can usually understand the way that government works?
Q69: a.  to ensure fair representation, we should continue to set aside 30 percent of elected positions for women in [country].  b. setting aside seats for women is unnecessary, since women should have to compete with men for the same elected positions
Q70: a.  women in [country] should be allowed to buy, inherit, or co-own land.  b.  women in [country] should be prohibited from any kind of land ownership
Q67: a.  women in [country] should have equal rights and receive the same treatment as men do.  b.  women have always been subject to traditional african law, and should remain so
Q52: a. the best way to create jobs is to encourage people to start their own businesses.  b.  the government should provide employment for everyone who wants to work
Q33: are you a registered voter?
Q72B: b.  even without political parties, we already have enough choice among candidate for office
Q48B: b.  to take part in a referendum in [country], it is first necessary to register as a voter
Q48C: c.  in a referendum, voters choose candidates for political office
Q72C: c.  many political parties are needed to make sure that all points of view are represented in government
Q80: consequences from whom?
Q64: corruption is a fact of life in [country] today; there is little that anyone can do about it
Q48D: d.  a referendum does not have a secret ballot, so others will know how you voted
Q72D: d.  political parties will not necessarily include me in political discussions and decisions
Qdateintr: date of interview
Q100: did the respondent check with others for information to answer any question?
Q89: district coded
Q83: do you feel close to any particular party?
Q101: do you think that anyone influenced the respondent’s answers during the interview?
Q26: does having women in government make any difference to whether the government addresses your concerns?
Q48E: e.  in [country]’s upcoming referendum, voters will choose a system of government for the country, including whether political parties can compete in elections
Q72E: e.  political parties help to ensure that people in government don’t abuse their power
Q48F: f.  if citizens do not like the results of a referendum, they do not need to abide by them
Q72F: f.  in order to get elected, political parties simply make promises that they can never fulfill
Q42A: for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree: our constitution expresses the values and aspirations of the [country]n people
Q48G: g.  the results of the referendum require that changes be made to the constitution of [country]
Q72G: g.  through political parties, young leaders will arise to replace older leaders who used to run this country
Q90: generally speaking, how would you describe the settlement pattern?
Q59: generally speaking, would you say that most people can be trusted or that you must be very careful in dealing with people?
Q72H: h.  by causing conflict and confusion, political parties will undermine national unity
Q48H: h.  if the voters in the referendum reject the movement system, the government will have to resign
Q75: has anyone tried to influence your vote in the referendum by promising rewards to you personally?
Q78: have you been concerned that there might be negative consequences for you personally if you fail to vote a certain way in the referendum?
Q49: have you ever heard about the structural adjustment program (sap)?
Q31A: how important is it to you that government of [country] protects the following rights?  a.  people are free to criticize the government
Q31B: how important is it to you that government of [country] protects the following rights?  b.  people can freely practice their religion
Q31C: how important is it to you that government of [country] protects the following rights?  c.  the private property of individuals is protected by law
Q31D: how important is it to you that government of [country] protects the following rights?  d.  the rights of minority group are protected
Q12: how interested are you in politics and government?
Q51B: how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption: elected leaders?
Q6: how much education have you had?
Q45A: how much have you heard about the referendum from each of the following sources?  a.  a family member
Q45B: how much have you heard about the referendum from each of the following sources?  b.  a friend or acquaintance
Q45D: how much have you heard about the referendum from each of the following sources?  d.  a political party official
Q44: how much have you heard about the upcoming referendum of june 2000 or haven’t you had an opportunity to hear about it yet?
Q13A: how often do you get news about politics and government from:  a.  discussions with others?
Q13C: how often do you get news about politics and government from:  c.  television?
Q26A: how often do you get news from the following sources: radio?
Q8B: how satisfied are you with:  b.  the condition of the [country]n economy today?
Q8C: how satisfied are you with:  c.  the general situation in the country today?
Q50: how satisfied or unsatisfied are you with the sap?
Q45G: how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters: addressing educational needs?
Q45J: how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters: fighting corruption in government?
Q22B: how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems?  b.  keeping prices low
Q22C: how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems?  c.  narrowing income gaps between rich and poor
Q22E: how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems?  e.  reducing domestic violence
Q22G: how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems?  g.  improving basic health services
Q22J: how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems?  j.  providing access to land for women
Q60A: i am know going to read you a list of people and organizations.  how much do you trust each of them to do what is right?  a.  someone from your own ethnic group
Q60C: i am know going to read you a list of people and organizations.  how much do you trust each of them to do what is right?  c.  the police
Q60E: i am know going to read you a list of people and organizations.  how much do you trust each of them to do what is right?  e.  the national resistance movement
Q60I: i am know going to read you a list of people and organizations.  how much do you trust each of them to do what is right?  i.  [country] joint christian council
Q38A: i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  please tell me how often you personally have done any of these things in the last five years?  a.  discussed politics with spouse
Q38C: i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  please tell me how often you personally have done any of these things in the last five years?  c.  taught children about government
Q24A: in particular, how satisfied are you with the performance of:  a.  your lc 5 representative
Q24B: in particular, how satisfied are you with the performance of:  b.  your member of parliament?
Q39A: in the last five years, have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem?  a.  a traditional ruler
Q39D: in the last five years, have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem?  d. an official of a government ministry
Q39F: in the last five years, have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem?  f. some other influential person
Q74: in the upcoming referendum in june 2000, will you vote for the movement system or for a multiparty system?
Q98: in what type of shelter does the respondent live?
Q46A: in your opinion, do you think that the following media have given equal coverage to different points of view about the referendum?  a.  radio
Q19: in your opinion, how often are _______(respondent’s identity from q18) treated unfairly by the government?
Q25A: in your opinion, should women be permitted:  a.  to vote
Q25B: in your opinion, should women be permitted:  b.  to join political organizations
Q25D: in your opinion, should women be permitted:  d.  to be local councilors
Q25E: in your opinion, should women be permitted:  e.  to be members of parliament
Q25F: in your opinion, should women be permitted:  f.  to be cabinet ministers
Q25G: in your opinion, should women be permitted:  g.  to be president of [country]
Q36: in your opinion, was this election conducted honestly or dishonestly?
Q81: in your opinion, were public services delivered, improved, or repaired in this area for the purposes of influencing the outcome of the referendum?
Q47 (responses 1-2): in your opinion, what is the referendum about?
Q21A (Responses 1 and2): in your view, what are the most important problems facing :  a.  you personally?
Q21B (Responses 1 and2): in your view, what are the most important problems facing:  the country, which government should address?
Q1: interviewer:  respondent’s gender
Q63: it is acceptable to bend the law, as long as one does not break it
Q20A: now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations.  for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member, or not a member of that type of organization?  a.  a religious organization like a church or a mosque
Q20E: now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations.  for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member, or not a member of that type of organization?  e.  professional or business organization
Q87: on an average day, how much is your daily routine affected by feeling tired, stressed, or sick?
Q86C: on an average day, roughly how much time do you spend on the following activities:  c.  doing household work
Q86D: on an average day, roughly how much time do you spend on the following activities:  d.  taking care of children
Q8E: on an average day, roughly how much time do you spend on the following activities: caring for sick household members?
Q8A: on an average day, roughly how much time do you spend on the following activities: working to earn money?
Q40 (options 1-4): on those occasions that you contacted a leader or attended a community meeting, what was your main reason for doing so?
Q41A-C: on those occasions when you did not participate, what was your main reason for not joining in?
Q43: our government has the right to make decisions that all people have to abide by whether or not they agree with them
Q40: overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in [country]? are you:
Q65B: please tell me how common you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations.  b.  civil servants
Q65F: please tell me how common you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations.  f.  [country]n businessmen
Q62: politicians and civil servants are trying their best to look after the interests of people like me
Q85: roughly how much do you and your spouse together earn per month?
Q115A: roughly how much of the last 10 km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads: graded sand or dirt roads?
Q115C: roughly how much of the last 10 km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads: off road?
Q61: the best way to get ahead in this life is to have contacts with important people in high places
Q73A: there are many ways to govern a country.  what do you think about the following options?  a.  we should keep the present movement system
Q73B: there are many ways to govern a country.  what do you think about the following options?  b.  we should have many political parties that compete in free elections
Q73C: there are many ways to govern a country.  what do you think about the following options?  c.  we should get rid of elections so that a strong leader can decide everything
Q73D: there are many ways to govern a country.  what do you think about the following options?  d.  we should have only one political party
Q73E: there are many ways to govern a country.  what do you think about the following options?  e.  the army should come in to govern the country
Q73F: there are many ways to govern a country.  what do you think about the following options?  f.  we should go back to a traditional system of government by kings and chiefs
Q73G: there are many ways to govern a country.  what do you think about the following options?  g.  the most important decisions, for example, on the economy, should be left to experts
Q35: understanding that some [country]ns choose not to vote, let me ask you:  did you vote in the presidential election of may 1996?
Q18: we have spoken to many [country]ns and they have all described themselves in different ways.  some people describe themselves in terms of their region, language, ethnic group, religion, or gender.  others describe themselves in economic terms, such as working class, middle class, or according to their occupation (e.g. a farmer or a housewife).  besides being [country]n, which specific group do you feel you belong to first and foremost?
Q99: were there any other people immediately present who might be listening during the interview?
Q4: what is your home language
Q7: what is your main occupation?
Q23: what is your overall assessment of the performance of the current government?
Q79: what kind of consequences?
Q77: what kind of rewards?
Q102: what proportion of the questions do you feel the respondent had difficulty answering?
Q71: when you hear the term political party, what is the first thing that comes to your mind?
Q27 (responses 1-3).: when you hear the word democracy, what is the first thing that comes to your mind?
Q10: when you look at your life today, how satisfied do you feel compared with five years ago?
Q11: when you look forward at your life’s prospects, how satisfied do you expect to be in one year’s time?
Q37: which of the following statements best describes what you will do in the upcoming referendum?
Q38: which of these three statements is closest to your own opinion?  a: democracy is preferable to any other kind of government b: in some circumstances, a non-democratic government can be preferable. c: for someone like me, it doesn’t matter what kind of government we have
Q84: which one?
Q82 (Options 1-4).: which services?
Q76: who promised?
Q34: why not?
Q9: would you say that your own living conditions are worse than, the same as, or better than other [country]ns?
