Q70: [if not registered] why not?
Q56: a.  all civil servants should keep their jobs, even if paying their salaries is costly to the country.  b.  the government cannot afford so many public employees and should lay off some of them
Q66: a.  all members of a family should hold the same political opinions.  b.  every family member should be free to make up his or her own mind on political issues
Q16: a.  as a community, we are usually able to make our elected representatives listen to our problems.  b.  we are usually unable to make our elected representatives listen to us
Q53: a.  everyone should be free to earn as much as they can, even if this leads to differences in income between people.  b.  the government should place limits on how much rich people can earn, even if this discourages some people from working hard
Q14: a.  in discussions about politics with friends and neighbors, i can influence the opinions of others?  b.  as far as politics are concerned, friends and neighbors do not listen to me?
Q55: a.  it is better to have free schooling for our children, even if the quality of education is low.  b.  it is better to raise educational standards, even if we have to pay school fees
Q54: a.  it is better to have goods available in the market, even if the prices are high.  b.  it is better to have low prices, even if there are shortages of goods
Q51: a.  people should look after themselves and be responsible for their own success in life.  b.  the government should bear the main responsibility for ensuring the well-being of people
Q58: a.  the costs of reforming the economy are too high; the government should therefore change its economic policies.  b.  in order for the economy to get better in the future, it is necessary for us to accept some hardships now
Q57: a.  the government should retain ownership of its factories, businesses, and farms.  b.  it is better for the government to sell its businesses to private companies and individuals
Q36: a. all people should be permitted to vote, even if they do not fully understand all the issues in an election.    b. only those who are sufficiently well educated should be allowed to vote
Q38: a. in [country], it is sometimes alright for citizens to use violence in trying to reach political goals.    b. the use of violence is never justified in [country] politics
Q65: a. in order to create jobs, the government should encourage foreign companies to invest in our country.    b. the government should be wary of foreign investors because they may gain control of our national wealth
Q45: a. our present system of elected government should be able to deal with inherited problems, even if this takes time.     b. if democracy can't produce results soon, we should try another form of government
Q52: a. the best way to create jobs is to encourage people to start their own businesses.  b.  the government should provide employment for everyone who wants to work
Q67: a. the government's economic policies have helped most people; only a few have suffered.    b. the government's economic policies have hurt most people and only benefited a few
Q37: a. the president of [country] should be able to change the constitution whenever he chooses.    b. in [country], even the president should obey the constitution
Q49A: and how much do you trust the following social institutions: a. churches?
Q49C: and how much do you trust the following social institutions: c. trade unions (urban) or farmer organizations (rural)?
Q2: are you the head of the household?
Q81E: bribery is not common among public officials in [country]
Q25A: can you tell me the name of the chairman of the local government council in this area?
Q25B: can you tell me the name of the member of parliament in this area?
Q25D: can you tell me the name of the minister of finance?
Q25C: can you tell me the name of the regional commissioner of this region?
Q25E: can you tell me the name of the vice president?
Qurbrur: community
Q86: compared with the past, do you presently feel less safe or more safe when you go walking about alone?
Q8D: considering all your economic activities (that is, your main occupation plus other things you do to earn money), do you currently: d. operate a bank or savings account?
Q8E: considering all your economic activities (that is, your main occupation plus other things you do to earn money), do you currently: e. owe money that you have borrowed for business purposes?
Q81G: corruption was a worse problem under the old single party government than these days
QDate: date
Q94: did the respondent check with others for information to answer any question?
Q69: did you register as a voter in the october 2000 elections?
Q92: do you feel close to any political party?
Q121: do you know a close friend or relative who has died of aids?
Q95: do you think anyone influenced the respondent’s answers during the interview
Q76A: during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem: a. a traditional ruler?
Q76D: during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem: d. a member of zanzibar house of representatives?
Q76E: during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem: e. an official of a government ministry?
Q76H: during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem: h. some other influential person?
Q101B: electoral authorities should be changed as demanded by opposition parties
Q80BE: for those services that are difficult to obtain, is this due to their high cost or the long time it takes to get them, or both:  e. a telephone connection (including cell phone)?
Q80BA: for those services that are difficult to obtain, is this due to their high cost or the long time it takes to get them, or both: a. a birth certificate for a child?
Q80BC: for those services that are difficult to obtain, is this due to their high cost or the long time it takes to get them, or both: c. a voter registration card for yourself?
Q30: generally, how satisfied or dissatisfied are you with the way democracy works in [country]?
Q49: have you ever heard about the structural adjustment program (sap)?
Q88A: here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns. there are no right or wrong answers. we are simply interested in your opinions. please tell me whether you disagree or agree with these statements: a. you feel proud to be a ____________?
Q88C: here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns. there are no right or wrong answers. we are simply interested in your opinions. please tell me whether you disagree or agree with these statements: c. people who were not born in this country should be allowed to become [country]n citizens?
Q12: how interested are you in politics and government?
Q21A: how long do you think it will take: a. before the government fulfills the promises it has made?
Q21B: how long do you think it will take: b. before your own living standards meet your expectations?
Q100A: how much do you trust the following institution: a. ccm to preserve peace and tranquility in [country]?
Q100B: how much do you trust the following institution: b. the opposition parties to preserve peace and tranquility in [country]?
Q48D: how much do you trust the following institutions: a. courts of law?
Q48A: how much do you trust the following institutions: a. traditional rulers?
Q48B: how much do you trust the following institutions: b. local government authorities?
Q48C: how much do you trust the following institutions: c. the police?
Q48E: how much do you trust the following institutions: e. political parties?
Q48G: how much do you trust the following institutions: g. the national assembly (parliament)?
Q48H: how much do you trust the following institutions: h. the national electoral commission (nec)?
Q48I: how much do you trust the following institutions: i. the national broadcaster rtd?
Q47A: how much do you trust the following people: a. your relatives?
Q47C: how much do you trust the following people: c. someone in your own tribe?
Q47D: how much do you trust the following people: d. [country]ns from other tribes?
Q47E: how much do you trust the following people: e. president mkapa?
Q6: how much education have you had?
Q24: how often do you discuss politics and government with other people?
Q22A: how often do you get news from: a. the radio?
Q22B: how often do you get news from: b. television?
Q22C: how often do you get news from: c. newspapers?
Q82: how often, if ever, have you been required to give a bribe, a gift, a favor or anything else in return for getting something you were entitled to?
Q3: how old were you at your last birthday? or what year were you born?
Q8A: how satisfied are you with:  a.  your own living conditions today?
Q8B: how satisfied are you with:  b.  the condition of the [country]n economy today?
Q8C: how satisfied are you with:  c.  the general situation in the country today?
Q50: how satisfied or unsatisfied are you with the sap?
Q19B: how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems: b. keeping prices low?
Q19G: how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems: g. assuring that all [country]ns have enough to eat?
Q19H: how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems: h. preventing the spread of aids?
Q22F: how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems?  f.  addressing educational needs
Q22G: how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems?  g.  improving basic health services
Q22K: how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems?  k.  fighting corruption in government
Q60A: i am going to read out a list of things that are important for the development of our country. in your opinion, who is responsible for providing these things? the government, private businesses, or the people themselves? or some combination of these providers: protecting the nation’s borders?
Q75A: i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens. please tell me how often you, personally, have done any of these things during the last five years: a. attended a community meeting?
Q75B: i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens. please tell me how often you, personally, have done any of these things during the last five years: b. got together with others to raise an issue?
Q75D: i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens. please tell me how often you, personally, have done any of these things during the last five years: d. worked for a political candidate or party?
Q12A: if you became seriously ill and needed some help at home, is there anyone you could count on for help, a. in your family?
Q11A: if you needed to, could you borrow as much as a week’s living expenses from: a. a bank?
Q11B: if you needed to, could you borrow as much as a week’s living expenses from: b. a community group?
Q11C: if you needed to, could you borrow as much as a week’s living expenses from: c. a friend or relative?
Q84A: in the past two years, have you or anyone else you know: a. been attacked or robbed when moving about in public?
Q84B: in the past two years, have you or anyone else you know: b. had your or their home broken into and had something stolen?
Q81A: in this country, you must be very careful of what you say or do with regard to politics
Q103: in what language was the interview conducted?
Q91: in what type of shelter did the respondent live?
Q80AA: in your opinion, how easy or difficult is it to obtain the following services: a. a birth certificate for a child?
Q80AB: in your opinion, how easy or difficult is it to obtain the following services: b. a place in primary school for a child?
Q80AC: in your opinion, how easy or difficult is it to obtain the following services: c. a voter registration card for yourself?
Q80AD: in your opinion, how easy or difficult is it to obtain the following services: d. an electricity connection for your home?
Q80AE: in your opinion, how easy or difficult is it to obtain the following services: e. a telephone connection (including cell phone)?
Q73: in your opinion, how honest or dishonest were the presidential elections of october 2000?
Q29: in your opinion, how much of a democracy is [country] today?
Q68: in your opinion, which group has benefited most?
Q17: in your opinion, who is most responsible for the current economic conditions in [country]?
Q21A (Responses 1 and2): in your view, what are the most important problems facing :  a.  you personally?
Q21B (Responses 1 and2): in your view, what are the most important problems facing:  the country, which government should address?
Q154: interviewer:  do you come from a rural or urban area?
QV8: interviewer: how many calls were made to the household where the interview actually took place?
QV1: interviewer: unsuccessful calls – reasons for substitution
Q89: let us suppose that you had to choose between being a [country]n and being a __________. which of these group do you feel most strongly attached to?
Q20A: now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations.  for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member, or not a member of that type of organization?  a.  a religious organization like a church or a mosque
Q20E: now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations.  for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member, or not a member of that type of organization?  e.  professional or business organization
Q87: on an average day, how much is your daily routine affected by feeling tired, stressed, or sick?
Q86A: on an average day, roughly how much time do you spend on the following activities:  a.  working to earn money
Q86C: on an average day, roughly how much time do you spend on the following activities:  c.  doing household work
Q86E: on an average day, roughly how much time do you spend on the following activities:  e.  caring for other household members
Q97D: on an average day, roughly how much time do you spend on the following activities: d. taking care of children?
Q40 (options 1-4): on those occasions that you contacted a leader or attended a community meeting, what was your main reason for doing so?
Q42: our constitution expresses the values and aspirations of the [country]n people?
Q60: our government exercises power in an acceptable way
Q43: our government has the right to make decisions that all people have to abide by whether or not they agree with them
Q59: our government was elected to power by accepted procedures
Q9A: over the past year, how often, if ever, have you gone without: a. food for your family?
Q9B: over the past year, how often, if ever, have you gone without: b. water for domestic use?
Q9C: over the past year, how often, if ever, have you gone without: c. schooling for children?
Q9D: over the past year, how often, if ever, have you gone without: d. medical treatment for your family?
Q9E: over the past year, how often, if ever, have you gone without: e. electricity in your home?
Q9F: over the past year, how often, if ever, have you gone without: f. a cash income?
Q32A: people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones i will mention now. in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these: a. the majority rules?
Q32B: people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones i will mention now. in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these: b. anyone is free to criticize the government?
Q32E: people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones i will mention now. in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these: e. everyone enjoys basic necessities like shelter, food and water?
Q103D: people associate democracy with many diverse meanings such as the ones that i will mention now.  in order for a society to be called democratic, is each of these.  d.  at least two political parties competing with each other
Q103H: people associate democracy with many diverse meanings such as the ones that i will mention now.  in order for a society to be called democratic, is each of these.  h.  a small income gap between rich and poor
Q83B: please tell me how common or rare you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations: b. civil servants
Q83F: please tell me how common or rare you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations: f. [country]n businessmen
Q65A: please tell me how common you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations.  a.  elected leaders
Q62: politicians and civil servants are trying their best to look after the interests of people like me
Q81D: rather than protecting his friends, the president will fight corruption wherever he finds it
Qrespnumb: respondent number
Q85: roughly how much do you and your spouse together earn per month?
Q92A: roughly how much of the last 10km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads:  a.  graded sand or dirt roads?
Q92C: roughly how much of the last 10km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads:  c.  off road?
Q74A: since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of: a. your member of parliament?
Q74B: since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of: b. the regional commissioner of this region?
Q74C: since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of: c. the chairman of the local government council for this area?
Q74D: since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of: d. any judge or lawyer you have encountered?
Q74E: since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of: e. political parties?
Q74F: since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of: f. the president of the republic?
Q43C: some people say that we would be better off if the country was governed differently. what do you think about the following options:  c. the army should come in to govern the country?
Q43D: some people say that we would be better off if the country was governed differently. what do you think about the following options:  d. the most important decisions, for example on the economy, should be left to experts?
Q43A: some people say that we would be better off if the country was governed differently. what do you think about the following options: a. we should get rid of elections so that a strong leader can decide everything?
Q43B: some people say that we would be better off if the country was governed differently. what do you think about the following options: b. we should have only one political party?
Q43E: some people say that we would be better off if the country was governed differently. what do you think about the following options: e. all decisions should be made by a council of traditional leaders?
Q101A: the [country]n constitution is inadequate and should be changed
Q61: the best way to get ahead in this life is to have contacts with important people in high places
Q81F: the president's region of the country gets more government services than any other region
QV10: time interview started
Q10A: to whom do you usually turn when you are unable to get: a. food for your family?
Q10B: to whom do you usually turn when you are unable to get: b. water for domestic use?
Q10C: to whom do you usually turn when you are unable to get: c. schooling for children?
Q10D: to whom do you usually turn when you are unable to get: d. medical treatment?
Q35: understanding that some [country]ns choose not to vote, let me ask you:  did you vote in the presidential election of may 1996?
Q71B: understanding that some [country]ns choose not to vote, let me ask you: did you vote: b. in the local government (ward councilors) and national assembly elections of october 2000?
Q71C: understanding that some [country]ns choose not to vote, let me ask you: did you vote: c: in the neighborhood, hamlet and village council elections of 1999?
Qvillage: village
Qward: ward
Q42A: we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of one party rule. please tell me if the following things are better or worse now than they used to be: a. people are free to say what they think
Q42C: we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of one party rule. please tell me if the following things are better or worse now than they used to be: c. each person can freely choose who to vote for without feeling pressured
Q42D: we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of one party rule. please tell me if the following things are better or worse now than they used to be: d. ordinary people can influence what government does
Q42E: we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of one party rule. please tell me if the following things are better or worse now than they used to be: e. everybody is treated equally and fairly by the government
Q41A: we are now going to discuss how much you like different kinds of government i would like you to give marks out of ten. let us say that the best government gets 10 out of 10 and the worst government gets 1 out of 10. what mark would you give to:  a. our present system of government with free elections and many parties?
Q41B: we are now going to discuss how much you like different kinds of government i would like you to give marks out of ten. let us say that the best government gets 10 out of 10 and the worst government gets 1 out of 10. what mark would you give to:  b. the former system of one party rule?
Q41E: we are now going to discuss how much you like different kinds of government i would like you to give marks out of ten. let us say that the best government gets 10 out of 10 and the worst government gets 1 out of 10. what mark would you give to: e. the system of government that you expect [country] to have in five years time?
Q83: we have spoken to many [country] and they have all described themselves in different ways.  some people describe themselves in terms of their language, religion, race, and others describe themselves in economic terms, such as working class, middle class, or a farmer.  besides being [country], which specific group to do you feel you belong to first and foremost?
Q50C: we know that some people obey the law and others do not. in your opinion, how often do [country]ns break tdhe law by engaging in the following acts: c. selling goods without a trader's license?
Q50A: we know that some people obey the law and others do not. in your opinion, how often do [country]ns break the law by engaging in the following acts: a. throwing rubbish in public places?
Q50B: we know that some people obey the law and others do not. in your opinion, how often do [country]ns break the law by engaging in the following acts: b. disregarding traffic signs and traffic lights?
Q50D: we know that some people obey the law and others do not. in your opinion, how often do [country]ns break the law by engaging in the following acts: d. not paying for services like piped water?
Q93: were there any other people  immediately present who might be listening during the interview?
Q72: what in your opinion is a member of parliament supposed to do?
Q1: what is the respondent’s gender?
Q4: what is your home language
Q7: what is your main occupation?
Q23: what is your overall assessment of the performance of the current government?
Q5: what is your religion, if any?
Q96: what proportion of the questions do you feel the respondent had difficulty answering?
Q133: what was the roof made of:
Q79A: what would you do if the government took any of the following actions: a. told you which religion you had to follow?
Q79B: what would you do if the government took any of the following actions: b. stopped you from traveling freely within the country?
Q79C: what would you do if the government took any of the following actions: c. shut down newspapers that criticized the government?
Q79D: what would you do if the government took any of the following actions: d. dismissed judges who ruled against the government?
Q79E: what would you do if the government took any of the following actions: e. suspended the national assembly (parliament) and canceled the next elections?
Q29A-C: what, if anything, do you understand by the word democracy?  what comes to your mind when you hear the word?
Q10: when you look at your life today, how satisfied do you feel compared with five years ago?
Q11: when you look forward at your life’s prospects, how satisfied do you expect to be in one year’s time?
Q28: which of these three statements is closest to your own opinion?     a.  democracy is preferable to any other form of government b.  in certain circumstances, a non-democratic government can be preferable. c.  to people like me, it doesn’t matter what form of government we have
Q9: would you say that your own living conditions are worse than, the same as, or better than other [country]ns?
