“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other .  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “ a.  you feel proud to be ____
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ans?  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “  d.  you feel much stronger ties to ______s than to other [country]ans
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ans?  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “  e.  it makes you proud to be called a [country]an
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ans?  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “  f.  you would want your children to think of themselves as [country]an
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ans?  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “  g.  all people who were born in this country, regardless of what group they belong to, should be treated as equal citizens of [country]
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ans.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “  h.  it is desirable to create one united [country] nation out of all the different group who live in this country
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ans.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “ a.  you feel proud to be ____
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ans.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “ b.  you would want your children to think of themselves as ______
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ans.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “ c.  of all the group in this country, ____ people are the best
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ans.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “ d.  you feel much stronger ties to ______s than to other [country]ans
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ans.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “ e.  it makes you proud to be called a [country]an
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ans.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “ f.  you would want your children to think of themselves as [country]an
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ans.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “ g.  all people who were born in this country, regardless of what group they belong to, should be treated as equal citizens of [country]
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ans.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “ h.  it is desirable to create one united nation out of all the different group who live in [country]
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree or agree with these statements. “   e.  it makes you proud to be called a [country]n
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree or agree with these statements. “   g.  all people who were born in this country, regardless of what group they belong to, should be treated as equal citizens of [country]
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree or agree with these statements. “   h.  people who were not born in this country should be allowed to become [country]n citizens
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree or agree with these statements. “  b.  you would want your children to think of themselves as ______
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree or agree with these statements. “  d.  you feel much stronger ties to ______s than to other [country]ns
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree or agree with these statements. “  f.  you would want your children to think of themselves as [country]n
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree or agree with these statements. “ a.  you feel proud to be ____
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree or agree with these statements. “ c.  of all the group in this country, ____ people are the best
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “  d.  you feel much stronger ties to ______s than to other [country]ns
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “  e.  it makes you proud to be called a [country]n
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “  f.  you would want your children to think of themselves as [country]n
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “  g.  all people who were born in this country, regardless of what group they belong to, should be treated as equal citizens of [country]
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “  h.  it is desirable to create one united [country]n nation out of all the different group who live in this country
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “ a.  you feel proud to be ____
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “ b.  you would want your children to think of themselves as ______
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “ b1.  being a _____ is a very important part of how you see yourself
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “ c.  of all the group in this country, ____ people are the best
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “ d1.  _____ s are very different from other [country]ns
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “ f1.  being a [country]n is a very important part of how you see yourself
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “ h1.  it is possible to create such a united [country]n nation
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns. there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether       you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “  f.  you would want your children to think of themselves as [country]n
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns. there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “  f.  you would want your children to think of themselves as [country]n
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]nz.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “ b.  you would want your children to think of themselves as ______
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [nationality].  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “  d.  you feel much stronger ties to ______s than to other [nationality]
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [nationality].  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “  e.  it makes you proud to be called a [nationality]
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [nationality].  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “  g.  all people who were born in this country, regardless of what group they belong to, should be treated as equal [nationality]
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [nationality].  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “  h.  it is desirable to create one united [nationality] nation out of all the different group who live in this country
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [nationality].  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “ b.  you would want your children to think of themselves as ______
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [nationality].  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “ c.  of all the group in this country, ____ people are the best
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [nationality]. there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “  f.  you would want your children to think of themselves as [nationality]
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other people of botswana.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether       1 you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “ b.  you would want your children to think of themselves as ______
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other people of botswana.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “ a.  you feel proud to be ____
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other people of botswana.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “ c.  of all the group in this country, ____ people are the best
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other people of botswana.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “ d.  you feel much stronger ties to ______s than to other citizens of botswana
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other people of botswana.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “ e.  it makes you proud to be called a citizen of botswana
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other people of botswana.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “ f.  you would want your children to think of themselves as batswana
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other people of botswana.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “ g.  all people who were born in this country, regardless of what group they belong to, should be treated as equal citizens of botswana
“here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other people of botswana.  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree or agree, or agree with these statements. “ h.  it is desirable to create one united nation out of all the different group who live in botswana
“i am now going to read you a list of people. i would like to know whether, generally speaking, you trust them to do what is right.”  do you trust the following people?  a.  your relatives
“i am now going to read you a list of people. i would like to know whether, generally speaking, you trust them to do what is right.”  do you trust the following people?  b.  your neighbors
“i am now going to read you a list of people. i would like to know whether, generally speaking, you trust them to do what is right.”  do you trust the following people?  c.  someone in your own tribe
“i am now going to read you a list of people. i would like to know whether, generally speaking, you trust them to do what is right.”  do you trust the following people?  d.  [country]ns from other tribes
“i am now going to read you a list of people. i would like to know whether, generally speaking, you trust them to do what is right.”  do you trust the following people?  d.  president obasanjo
“please say whether you agree or disagree with the following statements.  there are no right or wrong answers.  just tell me what you think.”  bribery is not common among public officials in [country]
“please say whether you agree or disagree with the following statements.  there are no right or wrong answers.  just tell me what you think.”  corruption was a worse problem under the old military government than these days
“please say whether you agree or disagree with the following statements.  there are no right or wrong answers.  just tell me what you think.”  politicians and civil servants are trying their best to look after the interests of people like me
“please say whether you agree or disagree with the following statements.  there are no right or wrong answers.  just tell me what you think.”  rather than protecting his friends, the president will fight corruption wherever he finds it
“please say whether you agree or disagree with the following statements.  there are no right or wrong answers.  just tell me what you think.”  the best way to get ahead in this life is to have contacts with important people in high places
“please say whether you agree or disagree with the following statements.  there are no right or wrong answers.  just tell me what you think.”  the president’s region of the country gets more government services than any other region
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under [country]n rule.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  a.  anyone can freely say what he or she thinks
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under [country]n rule.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  b.  people can join any political organization they choose
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under [country]n rule.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  c.  people can live without fear of being arrested by the police if they have not done anything wrong
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under [country]n rule.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  d.  each person can freely choose who to vote for without feeling forced by others
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under [country]n rule.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  e.  everybody is treated equally and fairly by government
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under [country]n rule.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  f.  people are safe from crime and violence
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under [country]n rule.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  g.  people have an adequate standard of living
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under [country]n rule.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  h.  people have access to basic necessities (like food and water)
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under [country]n rule.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  i.  [country]ns are equal to one another
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under apartheid.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  a.  anyone can freely say what he or she thinks
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under apartheid.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  b.  people can join any political organization they choose
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under apartheid.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  b.  people can live without fear of being arrested by the police if they have not done anything wrong
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under apartheid.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  c.  each person can freely choose who to vote for without feeling forced by others
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under apartheid.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  e.  everybody is treated equally and fairly by the government
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under apartheid.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  e.  people are safe from crime and violence
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under apartheid.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  e. everybody is treated equally and fairly by government
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under apartheid.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  g.  people have an adequate standard of living
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under apartheid.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  h.  people have access to basic necessities (like food and water)
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under apartheid.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  i.  [country]ns are equal to one another
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under apartheid.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  i. [nationality] are equal to one another
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under british colonial government  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  a.  anyone can freely say what he or she thinks
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under british colonial government  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  b.  people can join any political organization they choose
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under british colonial government  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  b.  people can live without fear of being arrested by the police if they have not done anything wrong
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under british colonial government  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  d.  each person can freely choose who to vote for without feeling forced by others
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under british colonial government  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  e.  everybody is treated equally and fairly by the government
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under british colonial government  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  f.  people are safe from crime and violence
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under british colonial government  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  g.  people have an adequate standard of living
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under british colonial government  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  h.  people have access to basic necessities (like food and water)
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under british colonial government  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  i.  people in botswana are equal to one another
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under the military government  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  a.  anyone can freely say what he or she thinks
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under the military government  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  b.  people can live without fear of being arrested by the police if they have not done anything wrong
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under the military government  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  c.  each person can freely choose who to vote for without feeling forced by others
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under the military government  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  e.  everybody is treated equally and fairly by the government
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under the military government  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  e.  people are safe from crime and violence
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under the military government  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  g.  people have an adequate standard of living
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under the military government  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  h.  people have access to basic necessities (like food and water)
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under the military government  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  i.  [country]ans are equal to one another
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under the military government others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  b.  people can join any political organization they choose
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under the one party regime of kaunda.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  a.  anyone can freely say what he or she thinks
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under the one party regime of kaunda.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  b.  people can join any political organization they choose
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under the one party regime of kaunda.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  b.  people can live without fear of being arrested by the police if they have not done anything wrong
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under the one party regime of kaunda.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  c.  each person can freely choose who to vote for without feeling forced by others
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under the one party regime of kaunda.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  e.  everybody is treated equally and fairly by the government
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under the one party regime of kaunda.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  e.  people are safe from crime and violence
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under the one party regime of kaunda.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  g.  people have an adequate standard of living
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under the one party regime of kaunda.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  h.  people have access to basic necessities (like food and water)
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under the one party regime of kaunda.  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  i.  [country]ns are equal to one another
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under the white minority government  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  a.  anyone can freely say what he or she thinks
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under the white minority government  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  b.  people can join any political organization they choose
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under the white minority government  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  b.  people can live without fear of being arrested by the police if they have not done anything wrong
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under the white minority government  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  d.  each person can freely choose who to vote for without feeling forced by others
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under the white minority government  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  e.  everybody is treated equally and fairly by the government
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under the white minority government  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  f.  people are safe from crime and violence
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under the white minority government  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  g.  people have an adequate standard of living
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under the white minority government  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  h.  people have access to basic necessities (like food and water)
“some people say that today, under our current system of government, our political and overall life is better than it was under the white minority government  others say things are no better, or even worse.  for each of these following matters, would you say things today are worse, about the same, or better?”  i.  [country]ans are equal to one another
“some people say that we would be better off if the country was governed differently.  what do you think about the following options?”  a.  we should get rid of elections so that a strong leader can decide everything
“some people say that we would be better off if the country was governed differently.  what do you think about the following options?”  b.  we should have only one political party
“some people say that we would be better off if the country was governed differently.  what do you think about the following options?”  c.  the army should come in to govern the country
“some people say that we would be better off if the country was governed differently.  what do you think about the following options?”  d.  the most important decisions, for example on the economy, should be left to experts
“sometimes democracy does not work.  when this happens, some people say that we need a strong leader who does not have to bother with elections.  others say that even when things don’t work, democracy is always best. what do you think.” a.  need strong leader. b.  democracy always best
“we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of  military rule.  please tell me if the following things are better or worse now than they used to be.”  a.  people are free to say what they think
“we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of  military rule.  please tell me if the following things are better or worse now than they used to be.”  b.  people can join any organization they want
“we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of  military rule.  please tell me if the following things are better or worse now than they used to be.”  c.  each person can freely choose who to vote for without feeling pressured
“we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of  military rule.  please tell me if the following things are better or worse now than they used to be.”  d.  ordinary people can influence what government does
“we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of  military rule.  please tell me if the following things are better or worse now than they used to be.”  e.  everybody is treated equally and fairly by the government
“we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of  military rule.  please tell me if the following things are better or worse now than they used to be.”  f.  people have an adequate standard of living
[if no]  why not
[if not registered] why not
[if yes] which one
a.  a referendum is the same thing as an election
a.  a woman’s place is in the home; women should not try to speak out about politics.  b.  a women should exercise her right to speak out about politics, even if her husband disagrees
a.  all civil servants should keep their jobs, even if paying their salaries is costly to the country.  b.  the government cannot afford so many public employees and should lay off some of them
a.  all civil servants should keep their jobs, even if paying their salaries is costly to the country.  b.  the government cannot afford so many public employees and should lay some of them off
a.  all civil servants should keep their jobs, even if paying their salaries is costly to the country.  b.  thegovernment cannot afford so many public employees and should lay some of them off
a.  all members of a family should hold the same political opinions.  b.  every family member should be free to make up his or her own mind on political issues
a.  all people should be permitted to vote, even if they do not fully understand all the issues in an election.  b.  only those who are sufficiently well educated should be allowed to vote
a.  all people should be permitted to vote, even if they do not fully understand all the issues in anelection.  b.  only those who are sufficiently well educated should be allowed to vote
a.  as a community, we are generally able to make our elected representatives listen to our problems.  b.  we are usually unable to make our elected representatives listen to us
a.  as a community, we are generally able to make our political representatives listen to our problems.  b. we are usually unable to make our mps and assemblymen listen to us
a.  as a community, we are usually able to make our elected representatives listen to our problems.  b.  we are usually unable to make our elected representatives listen to us
a.  at least two political parties are needed to provide people with real choices of leaders
a.  everyone should be free to earn as much as they can, even if this leads to differences in income between  people.  b.  the government should place limits on how much the rich can earn, even if this discourages some people from working hard
a.  everyone should be free to earn as much as they can, even if this leads to differences in income between people.  b.  the government should place limits on how much rich people can earn, even if this discourages some people from working hard
a.  everyone should be free to earn as much as they can, even if this leads to differences in incomebetween  people.  b.  the government should place limits on how much the rich can earn, even if this discouragessome people from working hard
a.  in [country] today, there is not enough respect for authority.  b.  we [country]ns should be more active in questioning the authority of our leaders
a.  in [country] today, we enjoy a real choice among different political parties and candidates.  b.  thiscountry is well on its way to becoming a single-party state without real political choice 13
a.  in [country], it is sometimes alright to use violence in trying to reach political goals.  b.  the use of violence is never justified in [country]n politics
a.  in discussions about politics with friends and neighbors, i can influence the opinions of others?  b.  as far as politics are concerned, friends and neighbors do not listen to me
a.  in order to create jobs, the government should encourage foreign companies to invest in our country.  b.  the government should be wary of foreign investors because they may gain control of our national wealth
a.  in order to create jobs, the government should encourage foreign companies to invest in our country. b.  the government should be wary of foreign investors because they may gain control of our national wealth
a.  in rural areas, land should be owned by the community and allocated by the chiefs.  b.  people shouldbe able to own their own land, including buying and selling it, even in rural areas. 19
a.  in rural areas, land should be owned by the community and allocated by the traditional rulers.  b.  people should be able to own their own land, including buying and selling it, even in rural areas
a.  it is better to be able to visit clinics and get medicine for free, even if it means we cannot raise healthcare standards.  b.  it is better to raise healthcare standards, even if we have to pay medical fees
a.  it is better to have a wide variety of goods and many goods in the market, even if prices are high.  b.  it is better to have low prices, even if there are shortages of goods
a.  it is better to have free schooling for our children, even if the quality of education is low.  b.  it is better to raise educational standards, even if we have to pay school fees
a.  it is better to have free schooling for our children, even if the quality of education is low.  b.  it isbetter to raise educational standards, even if we have to pay school fees
a.  it is better to have goods available in the market, even if the prices are high.  b.  it is better to have low prices, even if there are shortages of goods
a.  it is better to have goods available in the market, even if the prices are high.  b.  it is better to have lowprices, even if there are shortages of goods
a.  it is dangerous and confusing to allow the expression of too many different points of view.  b.  if people have different views than i do, they should be allowed to express them
a.  it is dangerous and confusing to allow the expression of too many different points of view.  b.  ifpeople have different views than i do, they should be allowed to express them
a.  it is important who is in power because it can make a difference to what happens.  b.  it doesn’t really matter who is in power, because in the end things go on much the same
a.  it is not wise to plan too far ahead, because many things turn out to be a matter of luck.  b.  i always try to plan ahead because i feel i can make my plans work
a.  it will take many years for our elected government to deal with the problems it inherited.  b.  ifdemocracy can’t produce results soon, we should try another form of government
a.  it will take years for our system of government to deal with the problems inherited from apartheid.  b.  our system of government ought to be able to deal with problems right now regardless of who caused them
a.  it will take years for our system of government to deal with the problems inherited from british colonial rule.  b.  our system of government ought to be able to deal with problems right now regardless of who caused them
a.  it will take years for our system of government to deal with the problems inherited from the [country]ns.  b.  our system of government ought to be able to deal with problems right now regardless of who caused them
a.  it will take years for our system of government to deal with the problems inherited from the british colonial government  b.  our system of government ought to be able to deal with problems right now regardless of who caused them
a.  it will take years for our system of government to deal with the problems inherited from the one party regime of kaunda.  b.  our system of government ought to be able to deal with problems right now regardless of who caused them
a.  it will take years for our system of government to deal with the problems inherited from white minority rule.  b.  our system of government ought to be able to deal with problems right now regardless of who caused them
a.  no matter how you vote, it won’t make things any better in the future.  b.  the way you vote could make things better in the future
a.  no matter who we vote for, things will not get any better in the future.  b.  we can use our power as voters to choose leaders who will help us improve our lives
a.  no matter who we vote for, things will not get any better in the future.  b.  we can use our power asvoters to choose leaders who will help us improve our lives
a.  our present system of elected government should be able to deal with inherited problems, even if this takes time.  b.  if democracy can’t produce results soon, we should try another form of government
a.  our present system of government should be able to deal with problems inherited from the past, even if this takes time.  b.  if our system of government can’t produce results soon, we should try another system
a.  people should be free to earn as much as they can, even if this leads to differences in income.  b.  government should place limits on how much rich people can earn, even if this discourages some people from working hard
a.  people should be responsible for their own success and well being.  b.  government should bear the main responsibility for ensuring the success and well-being of people
a.  people should be responsible for their own success and well-being.  b.  government should bear the main responsibility for ensuring the success and well-being of people
a.  people should look after themselves and be responsible for their own success in life.  b.  the government should bear the main responsibility for ensuring the well-being of people
a.  people should look after themselves and be responsible for their own success in life.  b.  thegovernment should bear the main responsibility for ensuring the well-being of people
a.  the best form of government is a government elected by the people.  b.  the best form of government is a government that gets things done
a.  the best form of government is a government elected by the people.  b.  the best form of governmentis a government that gets things done. 10
a.  the costs of reforming the economy are too high;  the government should therefore change its economic policies.  b.  in order for the economy to get better in the future, it is necessary for us to accept some hardships now
a.  the costs of reforming the economy are too high;  the government should therefore change itseconomic policies.  b.  in order for the economy to get better in the future, it is necessary for us to accept somehardships now
a.  the costs of reforming the economy are too high; the government should therefore change its economic policies.  b.  in order for the economy to get better in the future, it is necessary for us to accept some hardships now
a.  the economic recovery  program (erp) has helped most people; only a minority have suffered.  b. the economic recovery  program (erp) has hurt most people and only benefitted a minority
a.  the esap has helped most people, only a minority have suffered.  b.  the esap has hurt most people and only benefited a minority
a.  the government should retain ownership of its factories, businesses, and farms.  b.  it is better for the government to sell its businesses to private companies and individuals
a.  the government should retain ownership of its factories, businesses, and firms.  b.  it is better for thegovernment to sell its businesses to private companies and individuals
a.  the government’s economic policies have helped most people; only a few have suffered.  b.  the government’s economic policies have hurt most people and only benefited a few
a.  the number of people who work for government should not be reduced, even if paying their salaries is costly to the country.  b.  the government cannot afford so many public employees and should lay off or retrench some of them
a.  the president of [country] should be able to change the constitution whenever he chooses.  b.  in [country], even the president should obey the constitution
a.  the president of [country] should be able to change the constitution whenever he chooses.  b.  in[country], even the president should obey the constitution
a.  the way the government operates sometimes seems so complicated i cannot really understand what is going on.  b.  i can usually understand the way that government works
a.  the way the government operates sometimes seems so complicated i cannot really understand what isgoing on.  b.  i can usually understand the way that government works
a.  the way the government operates sometimes seems so complicated that i cannot really understand what is going on?  b.  i can usually understand the way that government works
a.  there is no sense in trying to start a new business because it might lose money.  b.  if a person has a good idea for a business, they should invest their own savings or borrow money to try to make it succeed
a.  there is no sense in trying to start a new business because many enterprises lose money.  b.  if a person has a good idea for a business, they should invest their own savings or borrow money to try to make it succeed
a.  there is no sense in trying to start a new business because many enterprises lose money.  b.  if aperson has a good idea for a business, they should invest their own savings or borrow money to try to make itsucceed
a.  to ensure fair representation, we should continue to set aside 30 percent of elected positions for women in [country].  b. setting aside seats for women is unnecessary, since women should have to compete with men for the same elected positions
a.  women in [country] should be allowed to buy, inherit, or co-own land.  b.  women in [country] should be prohibited from any kind of land ownership
a.  women in [country] should have equal rights and receive the same treatment as men do.  b.  women have always been subject to traditional african law, and should remain so
a. all civil servants should keep their jobs, even if paying their salaries is costly to the country.    b. the government cannot afford so many public employees and should lay some of them off
a. all members of a family should hold the same political opinions.    b. every family member should be free to make up his or her own mind on political issues
a. all people should be permitted to vote, even if they do not fully understand all the issues in an election.    b. only those who are sufficiently well educated should be allowed to vote
a. as a community, we are generally able to make our elected representatives listen to our problems.    b. we are usually unable to make our elected representatives listen to us
a. everyone should be free to earn as much as they can, even if this leads to differences in income between people    b. the government should place limits on how much the rich can earn, even is this discourages some people from working hard
a. everyone should be free to earn as much as they can, even if this leads to differences in income between people.    b. the government should place limits on how much the rich can earn, even is this discourages some people from working hard
a. in [country] today, there is not enough respect for authority.    b. we [country]ans should be more active in questioning the authority of our leaders
a. in [country] today, there is not enough respect for authority.    b. we [country]ns should be more active in questioning the authority of our leaders
a. in [country], it is sometimes alright for citizens to use violence in trying to reach political goals.    b. the use of violence is never justified in [country] politics
a. in discussions about politics with friends and neighbors, i can influence the opinions of others    b. discussion about politics with friends and neighbors influence them vs not influence
a. in discussions about politics with friends and neighbors, i can influence the opinions of others.    b. as far as politics are concerned, friends and neighbors do not listen to me
a. in discussions about politics with friends and neighbors, i can influence the opinions of others.  b.  as far as politics is concerned, friends and neighbors do not listen to me
a. in discussions about politics with friends and neighbors, i can influence the opinions of others.  b. as far as politics is concerned, friends and neighbors do not listen to me
a. in order to create jobs, the government should encourage foreign companies to invest in our country.    b. the government should be wary of foreign investors because they may gain control of our national wealth
a. in rural areas, land should be owned by the community and allocated by the traditional rulers    b. people should be able to own their own land, including buying and selling it, even in rural areas
a. in rural areas, land should be owned by the community and allocated by the traditional rulers.    b. people should be able to own their own land, including buying and selling it, even in rural areas
a. it is better to have free schooling for our children, even if the quality of education is low.    b. it is better to raise educational standards, even if we have to pay school fees
a. it is better to have goods available in the market, even if the prices are high.    b. it is better to have low prices, even if there are shortages of goods
a. it is dangerous to allow the expression of too many different points of view.    b. if people have different views than i do, they should be allowed to express them
a. it is not wise to plan too far ahead, because many things turn out to be a matter of luck    b. i always try to plan ahead because i feel i can make my plans work
a. it is not wise to plan too far ahead, because many things turn out to be a matter of luck.    b. i always try to plan ahead because i feel i can make my plans work
a. our present system of elected government should be able to deal with inherited problems, even if this takes time.     b. if democracy can't produce results soon, we should try another form of government
a. people should look after themselves and be responsible for their own success in life    b. the government should bear the main responsibility for ensuring the well-being of people
a. people should look after themselves and be responsible for their own success in life.    b. the government should bear the main responsibility for ensuring the well-being of people.       9
a. the best way to create jobs is to encourage people to start their own businesses    b. the government should provide employment for everyone who wants to work
a. the best way to create jobs is to encourage people to start their own businesses.    b. the government should provide employment for everyone who wants to work
a. the best way to create jobs is to encourage people to start their own businesses.  b.  the government should provide employment for everyone who wants to work
a. the best way to create jobs is to encourage people to start their own businesses.  b.  the governmentshould provide employment for everyone who wants to work
a. the best way to create jobs is to encourage people to start their own large or small businesses.  b.  the government should help to provide employment for everyone who wants to work
a. the costs of reforming the economy are too high; the government should therefore changes its economic policies.    b. in order for the economy to get better in the future, it is necessary for us to accept some hardships now
a. the government should retain ownership of its factories, businesses, and farms.    b. it is better for the government to sell its businesses to private companies and individuals
a. the government's economic policies have helped most people; only a few have suffered.    b. the government's economic policies have hurt most people and only benefited a few
a. the government's laws, policies and rules change so often that they hurt people's economic welfare    b. the laws, policies and rules in this country are stable enough to allow people to plan for their economic future
a. the government's laws, policies and rules change so often that they hurt people's economic welfare.    b. the laws, policies and rules in this country are stable enough to allow people to plan for their economic future
a. the president of [country] should be able to change the constitution whenever he chooses.    b. in [country], even the president should obey the constitution
a. the way the government operates sometimes seems so complicated that i cannot really understand           what is going on.    b. i can usually understand the way that government works
a. women in [country] should have equal rights and receive the same treatment as men do.    b. women have always been subject to traditional african law, and should remain so
age
age       6
all decisions should be made by a council of traditional elders
among these members, how many children are there below 18 years of age
and do you trust the following social institutions?  a.  churches
and do you trust the following social institutions?  c. trade unions (urban) or farmers’ organizations (rural)
and do you trust the following social institutions?  d.  ngo’s
and do you trust the following social institutions?  e.  banks       5
and do you trust the following social institutions?  f.  businesses
and do you trust the following social institutions? b. mosques
and how much do you trust the following social institutions: a. churches
and how much do you trust the following social institutions: b. mosques
and how much do you trust the following social institutions: c. trade unions (urban) or farmer organizations (rural)
and how much do you trust the following social institutions: d. ngos
and how much do you trust the following social institutions: e. banks
and how much do you trust the following social institutions: f. businesses
and how much do you trust the following social institutions? a. churches
and how much do you trust the following social institutions? b. mosques
and how much do you trust the following social institutions? c. trade unions (urban) or farmer organizations (rural)
and how much do you trust the following social institutions? d. ngos
and how much do you trust the following social institutions? e. banks
and how much do you trust the following social institutions? f. businesses
and how much do you trust these non-governmental organizations?  a.  churches
and how much do you trust these non-governmental organizations?  c. trade unions (urban) or farmers’organizations (rural)
and how much do you trust these non-governmental organizations?  d.  banks
and how much do you trust these non-governmental organizations?  e.  businesses
and how much do you trust these non-governmental organizations? b. mosques
are ____________s’ [respondent’s identity group] economic conditions worse, the same as, or better than other group in this country
are ________s [respondent's identity group] economic conditions worse, the same as, or better than other group in this country
are _____’s (respondent’s identity group from q82) economic conditions worse, the same as, or better than other group in this country
are _____’s (respondent’s identity group from q83) economic conditions worse, the same as, or better than other group in this country
are _____’s (respondent’s identity group from q91) economic conditions worse, the same as, or better than other group in this country
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumerator area:  any churches, mosques, temples, or other places of worship
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumerator area:  any townhalls or community buildings that can be used for meetings
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumerator area:  bottle store
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumerator area:  bottle store?       9
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumerator area:  cafes or corner shops or spaza shops
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumerator area:  electricity grid that most houses could access
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumerator area:  health clinic
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumerator area:  market stalls (selling food and or or clothing)
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumerator area:  petrol station
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumerator area:  piped water system that most houses could access
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumerator area:  police station
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumerator area:  post office
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumerator area:  railway station
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumerator area:  railway station?       3
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumerator area:  recreational facilities for eg a sports field
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumerator area:  regular bus or taxi service
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumerator area:  school
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumerator area:  sewage system that most houses could access
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumerator area:  supermarket (food and or or clothing)
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit:  any churches, mosques, temples, or other places of worship
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit:  any townhalls or community buildings that can be used for meetings
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit:  bottle store
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit:  cafes or corner shops or spaza shops
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit:  electricity grid that most houses could access
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit:  health clinic
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit:  petrol station
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit:  piped water system that most houses could access
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit:  police station
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit:  post office
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit:  railway station
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit:  recreational facilities for eg a sports field
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit:  regular bus or taxi service
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit:  school
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit:  sewage system that most houses could access
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit:  supermarket (food and or or clothing)
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit: market stalls (selling food and or or clothing)
are you a member of any organization such as a club, union, cooperative, or some similar group
are you a registered voter
are you the head of the household
as you may know, the government has been reducing its role in the economy. overall, how satisfied are you with the way this policy works
at the moment, are you dissatisfied, neither dissatisfied nor satisfied, or satisfied with economic conditions in [country]
at the moment, are you dissatisfied, neither dissatisfied nor satisfied, or satisfied with economic conditions in botswana
at the moment, are you dissatisfied, neither dissatisfied nor satisfied, or satisfied with economic conditions in lesotho
at the psu did you (or any of your colleagues) see:  any gardens or fields attached to households containing evidence of crops or vegetables being grown
at the psu did you (or any of your colleagues) see:  any pavement along the roads or streets
at the psu did you (or any of your colleagues) see:  any policemen or police vehicles
at the psu did you (or any of your colleagues) see:  any soldiers or army vehicles
at the psu did you (or any of your colleagues) see:  any yards or fields attached to households containing livestock such as goats, sheep, cows, or horses
at the psu did you (or any of your colleagues) see:  any yards, gardens, or fields attached to households with trees growing in them that were larger than one story in height
at the psu or ea did you (or any of your colleagues) see:  any gardens or fields attached to households containing evidence of crops or vegetables being grown
at the psu or ea did you (or any of your colleagues) see:  any pavement along the roads or streets
at the psu or ea did you (or any of your colleagues) see:  any policemen or police vehicles
at the psu or ea did you (or any of your colleagues) see:  any soldiers or army vehicles
at the psu or ea did you (or any of your colleagues) see:  any yards or fields attached to households containing livestock such as goats, sheep, cows, or horses
at the psu or ea did you (or any of your colleagues) see:  any yards, gardens, or fields attached to households with trees growing in them that were large than one story in height
at the psu or ea did you (or any of your colleagues) see:  any yards, gardens, or fields attached to households with trees growing in them that were larger than one story in height
atthemoment,areyoudissatisfied,neitherdissatisfiednorsatisfied,orsatisfiedwitheconomicconditionsin[country]?variablelabel:satisfactionwitheconomicconditions
b.  even without political parties, we already have enough choice among candidate for office
b.  to take part in a referendum in [country], it is first necessary to register as a voter
banned political parties
based on your experience, how easy or difficult is to obtain the following services?  or do you never try and get these services from government? a loan or payment from government (such as agricultural credit or a welfare grant)
based on your experience, how easy or difficult is to obtain the following services?  or do you never try and get these services from government? a place in primary school for a child
based on your experience, how easy or difficult is to obtain the following services?  or do you never try and get these services from government? a voter registration card for yourself
based on your experience, how easy or difficult is to obtain the following services?  or do you never try and get these services from government? an identity document (such as a birth certificate or passport)
based on your experience, how easy or difficult is to obtain the following services?  or do you never try and get these services from government? help from the police when you need it
based on your experience, how easy or difficult is to obtain the following services?  or do you never try and get these services from government? household services (like piped water, electricity or telephone)
before taxes, how much money do you (and your spouse together) earn per month
bribery is not common among public officials in [country]
c.  in a referendum, voters choose candidates for political office
c.  many political parties are needed to make sure that all points of view are represented in government
can you  read and write in english
can you tell me the name of the chairman of the local government council in this area
can you tell me the name of the deputy for this commune
can you tell me the name of the governor of this region
can you tell me the name of the mayor of the council in this area
can you tell me the name of the member of parliament in this area
can you tell me the name of the minister of finance
can you tell me the name of the president of the national assembly
can you tell me the name of the regional commissioner of this region
can you tell me the name of the vice president
can you tell me the name of:  a.  the local government chairman or woman for this area
can you tell me the name of:  c.  the governor of this state
can you tell me the name of:  d.  the minister of finance
can you tell me the name of:  e.  the vice-president of [country]
can you tell me the name of:  the member of the house of representatives for this area
can you tell me who presently holds the following offices?  the assemblyman or woman for this area
can you tell me who presently holds the following offices?  the member of parliament for this area
can you tell me who presently holds the following offices?  the minister of finance
can you tell me who presently holds the following offices?  the vice-president of [country]
can you understand spoken english
center
community
compared with five years ago, do you feel more or less safe when walking about alone
compared with the past, do you presently feel less safe or more safe when you go walking about alone
comparing the current government with the former [country]n administration, would you say that the one we have now is more or less: able to enforce the law
comparing the current government with the former [country]n administration, would you say that the one we have now is more or less: corrupt
comparing the current government with the former [country]n administration, would you say that the one we have now is more or less: effective in the delivery of services
comparing the current government with the former [country]n administration, would you say that the one we have now is more or less: trustworthy
comparing the current government with the former military government, would you say that the one we have now is more or less: able to enforce the law
comparing the current government with the former military government, would you say that the one we have now is more or less: corrupt
comparing the current government with the former military government, would you say that the one we have now is more or less: effective in the delivery of services
comparing the current government with the former military government, would you say that the one we have now is more or less: trustworthy
consequences from whom
considering all the activities you engage in to secure a livelihood, how much do you depend on:          7borrowing money from a bank
considering all the activities you engage in to secure a livelihood, how much do you depend on:  borrowing money from a bank
considering all the activities you engage in to secure a livelihood, how much do you depend on:  borrowing money from friends or family
considering all the activities you engage in to secure a livelihood, how much do you depend on:  doing work in-kind for food or shelter
considering all the activities you engage in to secure a livelihood, how much do you depend on:  employing other people to work for you
considering all the activities you engage in to secure a livelihood, how much do you depend on: buying and selling goods as a trader
considering all the activities you engage in to secure a livelihood, how much do you depend on: earning a wage or salary
considering all the activities you engage in to secure a livelihood, how much do you depend on: participating in a community savings group
considering all your economic activities (that is, your main occupation plus other things you do to earn 30money), do you currently:  b.  sell your skills or services to other people
considering all your economic activities (that is, your main occupation plus other things you do to earn money), do you currently:  a.  buy goods and sell goods
considering all your economic activities (that is, your main occupation plus other things you do to earn money), do you currently:  b:  sell your skills or services to other people
considering all your economic activities (that is, your main occupation plus other things you do to earn money), do you currently:  c.  employ other people to work for you
considering all your economic activities (that is, your main occupation plus other things you do to earn money), do you currently:  d.  operate a bank or savings account
considering all your economic activities (that is, your main occupation plus other things you do to earn money), do you currently:  e.  owe money that you have borrowed for business purposes
considering all your economic activities (that is, your main occupation plus other things you do to earn money), do you currently: a. buy and sell goods
considering all your economic activities (that is, your main occupation plus other things you do to earn money), do you currently: b. sell your skills or services to other people
considering all your economic activities (that is, your main occupation plus other things you do to earn money), do you currently: c. employ other people to work for you
considering all your economic activities (that is, your main occupation plus other things you do to earn money), do you currently: d. operate a bank or savings account
considering all your economic activities (that is, your main occupation plus other things you do to earn money), do you currently: e. owe money that you have borrowed for business purposes
considering all your economic activities (that is, your main occupation plus other things you do to earnmoney), do you currently:  a.  buy goods and sell them at a profit
considering all your economic activities (that is, your main occupation plus other things you do to earnmoney), do you currently:  c.  employ other people to work for you
considering all your economic activities (that is, your main occupation plus other things you do to earnmoney), do you currently:  d.  operate a bank or savings account
considering all your economic activities (that is, your main occupation plus other things you do to earnmoney), do you currently:  e.  owe money that you have borrowed for business purposes
corruption is a fact of life in [country] today; there is little that anyone can do about it
corruption was a worse problem under the old military government than these days
corruption was a worse problem under the old single party government than these days
country
country: [country]
country: lesotho
d.  a referendum does not have a secret ballot, so others will know how you voted
d.  political parties will not necessarily include me in political discussions and decisions
data entry clerk
date
date of interview
describe how you currently obtain the food you and your family eat each month
describe how you normally obtain cash income
describe the things you currently do to obtain healthcare for yourself or your family
describe the things you currently do to obtain healthcare for yourself or your family?  is there anything else
describe the things you currently rely on for the safety of your home
describe the things you currently rely on for the safety of your home?  is there anything else
did anything else significant happen during the interview
did the household have glass in windows
did the household have windows
did the respondent check with others for information to answer any question
did the respondent have any physical disabilities
did the respondent have any physical disabilities:  blind, or nearly blind
did the respondent have any physical disabilities:  did the respondent cough repeatedly during the interview
did the respondent have any physical disabilities:  missing limbs
did you feel threatened during the interview
did you register as a voter in the october 2000 elections
did your presence in the area arouse fear from neighbors
did your presence in the area arouse interest from neighbors
did your presence in the area arouse interest from the neighbors
did your presence in the area arouse suspicion from neighbors
dismissed judges who ruled against the government
district
district coded
district or province
do you agree or disagree with the following statements? as far as politics are concerned, friends and neighbors do not listen to you
do you agree or disagree with the following statements? if you had to, you would be able to get together with others to make elected representatives listen to your concerns
do you agree or disagree with the following statements? politics and government sometimes seem so complicated that you can’t really understand what’s going on
do you agree, neither agree or disagree, or disagree with the following statements?  a.  you feel you have little or no control over what happens to your life
do you agree, neither agree or disagree, or disagree with the following statements?  a.  you feel you have little or not control over what happens to your life
do you agree, neither agree or disagree, or disagree with the following statements?  a.  you think that you do not have enough information about political life and the actions of government
do you agree, neither agree or disagree, or disagree with the following statements?  b.  sometimes political and government affairs seem so complicated that you can’t really understand what’s going on
do you agree, neither agree or disagree, or disagree with the following statements?  b.  you think that you do not have enough information about political life and the actions of government
do you agree, neither agree or disagree, or disagree with the following statements?  c.  in this country, you must be very careful what you do and say with regards to politics
do you agree, neither agree or disagree, or disagree with the following statements?  c.  sometimes political and government affairs seem so complicated that you can’t really understand what’s going on
do you agree, neither agree or disagree, or disagree with the following statements?  d.  in this country, you must be very careful of what you say and do with regard to politics
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your local government councilor
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months: president nujoma
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months: president obasanjo
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months: your representative to the national assembly
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months: your representative to the national council
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months: your representative to the state assembly?         30
do you come from a rural or urban area
do you do any regular work without getting paid cash?  if yes, what type of job?  is this a part-time or full-time job
do you feel close to any particular party
do you feel close to any particular political party or political organization? if so, which party or organization is that
do you feel close to any political party
do you feel closes to any political party
do you feel very close to this party, somewhat close, or not very close
do you feel very close to this party, somewhat close, or not very close?       9
do you have a job that pays a cash income? is it full-time or part-time? and are you presently looking for a job (even if you are presently working)
do you have a job that pays a weekly or monthly cash income?  is it full-time or part-time?  and are you looking for a cash job (or looking for another one if you are presently working)
do you have an electricity hook-up into this household
do you have water piped into your home
do you have water piped into your household
do you hold an official leadership position in any of these organizations
do you hold an official leadership position in this organization
do you know a close friend or relative who has died of aids
do you know a close friend or relative who has died of aids?          46
do you or your household rely on the income of anyone who earns a salary as a worker for a government agency? including a salary of a teacher in a public school
do you presently hold a paid-up membership card for this party
do you think anyone influenced the respondent's answers during the interview
do you think anyone influenced the respondent’s answers during the interview
do you think that anyone influenced the respondent’s answers during the interview
do you think that the government represents the interests of all [country]ans, or of one group only
do you think that the government represents the interests of all [country]ns, or of one group only
do you think that the government represents the interests of all [country]ns, the interests of just a few group, or the interests of one group only
do you think that the government represents the interests of all [nationality], or of one group only
do you think that the government represents the interests of all people in botswana, or of one group only
do you trust the following institutions?  a.  traditional rulers
do you trust the following institutions?  b.  local government authorities
do you trust the following institutions?  c.  the police
do you trust the following institutions?  d.  courts of law
do you trust the following institutions?  e.  political parties
do you trust the following institutions?  f.  the army
do you trust the following institutions?  g.  the national assembly
do you trust the following institutions?  h.  the independent national electoral commission (nec)
do you usually think of yourself as close to any particular political party
does having women in government make any difference to whether the government addresses your concerns
does your family dwelling have: a. piped water
does your family dwelling have: b. a corrugated or tiled roof
does your family dwelling have: c. a radio
does your family dwelling have: d. tv
during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem: a. a traditional ruler
during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem: b. a local government councilor
during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem: c. a member of parliament
during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem: c. a national assembly representative
during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem: d. a member of zanzibar house of representatives
during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem: d. a state assembly representative
during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem: e. an official of a government ministry
during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem: f. a political party official
during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem: g. a religious leader
during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem: g. a religious leader?       7
during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem: h. some other influential person
during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem?  a.  a traditional ruler       5
during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem?  b.  a local government chairman or councillor
during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem?  c.  a national assembly representative
during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem?  d.  a religious leader
during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem?  d.  a state assembly representative
during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem?  e.  an official of a government ministry
during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem?  g.  some other influential person
during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve aproblem?  a.  a chief or headman
during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve aproblem?  b.  an assemblyman or woman
during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve aproblem?  c.  a member of parliament
during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve aproblem?  d.  an official of a government ministry
during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve aproblem?  e.  a religious leader
during the last five years, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve aproblem?  f.  some other influential person
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem or to give them your views:  some other influential person
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem or to give them your views: a local government councilor
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem or to give them your views: a national assembly representative
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem or to give them your views: a national council representative
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem or to give them your views: a political party official
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem or to give them your views: a regional councilor
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem or to give them your views: a religious leader
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem or to give them your views: a traditional ruler
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem or to give them your views: an official of a government ministry
e.  in [country]’s upcoming referendum, voters will choose a system of government for the country, including whether political parties can compete in elections
e.  political parties help to ensure that people in government don’t abuse their power
each person can freely choose who to vote for without feeling pressured
electoral authorities should be changed as demanded by opposition parties
enumerator
everybody is treated equally and fairly by the government
excluding weddings and funerals, how often do you attend religious services
explain two different ways of choosing members of parliament.  (hlalosa mekhoa emeli e fapaneng ea ho khetha litho tsa paramente.)
f.  if citizens do not like the results of a referendum, they do not need to abide by them
f.  in order to get elected, political parties simply make promises that they can never fulfill
finally, let us record a few facts about yourself. how old were you at your last birthday
finally, people living in towns and cities will also be able to vote for an individual candidate to represent their ward. would you vote for an independent candidate or for somebody affiliated with a political party or local organization? please make a cross next to the correct block on your ballot
first of all, can you tell me who presently holds the following positions:  a member of parliament who has been assigned to represent this area
first of all, can you tell me who presently holds the following positions:  member of parliament for this constituency
first of all, can you tell me who presently holds the following positions:  the deputy president of [country]
first of all, can you tell me who presently holds the following positions:  the minister of finance
first of all, can you tell me who presently holds the following positions:  the premier
first of all, can you tell me who presently holds the following positions:  the prime minister of lesotho
first of all, can you tell me who presently holds the following positions:  the vice president
first of all, can you tell me who presently holds the following positions:  the vice president of [country]
first of all, can you tell me who presently holds the following positions:  the vice-president of [country]
first of all, can you tell me who presently holds the following positions:  the vice-president of botswana
first of all, can you tell me who presently holds the following positions:  your local councilor
first of all, can you tell me who presently holds the following positions:  your member of the district development committee
first of all, can you tell me who presently holds the following positions:  your regional councillor
first of all, can you tell me who presently holds the following positions:  your representative on the community or urban council
for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree: our constitution expresses the values and aspirations of the [country]n people
for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree: the courts have the right to make decisions that people always have to abide by
for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree: the police always have the right to make people obey the law
for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree: the tax department always has the right to make people pay taxes
for those services that are difficult to obtain, is this due to their high cost or the long time it takes to get them, or both:  e. a telephone connection (including cell phone)
for those services that are difficult to obtain, is this due to their high cost or the long time it takes to get them, or both: a. a birth certificate for a child
for those services that are difficult to obtain, is this due to their high cost or the long time it takes to get them, or both: b. a place in primary school for a child
for those services that are difficult to obtain, is this due to their high cost or the long time it takes to get them, or both: c. a voter registration card for yourself
for those services that are difficult to obtain, is this due to their high cost or the long time it takes to get them, or both: d. an electricity connection for your home
g.  the results of the referendum require that changes be made to the constitution of [country]
g.  through political parties, young leaders will arise to replace older leaders who used to run this country
generally speaking, how would you describe the locality
generally speaking, how would you describe the settlement pattern
generally speaking, would you say that most people can be trusted or that you can’t be too careful in dealing with people
generally speaking, would you say that most people can be trusted or that you must be very careful in dealing with people
generally, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in [country]
generally, how satisfied or dissatisfied are you with the way democracy works in [country]
h.  by causing conflict and confusion, political parties will undermine national unity
h.  if the voters in the referendum reject the movement system, the government will have to resign
has anyone tried to influence your vote in the referendum by promising rewards to you personally
have you been concerned that there might be negative consequences for you personally if you fail to vote a certain way in the referendum
have you ever heard about structural adjustment programme (sap)
have you ever heard about the economic recovery programme (erp)
have you ever heard about the structural adjustment program (sap)
have you ever heard about the structural adjustment programme (sap)
have you ever heard anything about the government’s economic structural adjustment program or haven’t you had a chance to hear or read about this yet
have you ever heard anything about the government’s economic structural adjustment programme, or haven’t you had a chance to hear about this yet
have you ever heard anything about the government’s growth, employment and redistribution programme (gear), or haven’t you had a chance to hear of read about this yet
have you ever heard anything about the government’s structural adjustment programme, or haven’t you had a chance to hear of read about this yet
here are a number of different actions people might take if government were to do something they thought was wrong or harmful.  for each of these, please tell me whether you have engaged in this activity or not.  if yes-read out options 1-3, if no-read out options 4-6.  a.  attend a demostartion or protest march
here are a number of different actions people might take if government were to do something they thought was wrong or harmful.  for each of these, please tell me whether you have engaged in this activity or not.  if yes-read out options 1-3, if no-read out options 4-6.  b.  participate in a boycott of rates, services, or taxes
here are a number of different actions people might take if government were to do something they thought was wrong or harmful.  for each of these, please tell me whether you have engaged in this activity or not.  if yes-read out options 1-3, if no-read out options 4-6.  c.  take part in a sit-in, disruption of government meeting or offices
here are a number of different actions people might take if government were to do something they thought was wrong or harmful.  for each of these, please tell me whether you have engaged in this activity or not.  if yes-read out options 1-3, if no-read out options 4-6.  c.  take part in a sit-in, disruption of government meeting, or offices
here are a number of different actions people might take if government were to do something they thought was wrong or harmful.  for each of these, please tell me whether you have engaged in this activity or not.  if yes-read out options 1-3, if no-read out options 4-6.  d.  use force or violent methods (such as damaging public property)
here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ans. there are no right or wrong answers. we are simply interested in your opinions. please tell me whether you disagree or agree with these statements: a. you feel proud to be a ____________
here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ans. there are no right or wrong answers. we are simply interested in your opinions. please tell me whether you disagree or agree with these statements: b. it makes you proud to be called a [country]an
here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ans. there are no right or wrong answers. we are simply interested in your opinions. please tell me whether you disagree or agree with these statements: c. people who were not born in this country should be allowed to become [country]an citizens
here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns. there are no right or wrong answers. we are simply interested in your opinions. please tell me whether you disagree or agree with these statements: a. you feel proud to be a ____________
here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns. there are no right or wrong answers. we are simply interested in your opinions. please tell me whether you disagree or agree with these statements: b. it makes you proud to be called a [country]n
here are a series of things people might say about how they see their group in relation to other [country]ns. there are no right or wrong answers. we are simply interested in your opinions. please tell me whether you disagree or agree with these statements: c. people who were not born in this country should be allowed to become [country]n citizens
here are two statements. please tell me whether you agree more with statement a or b? a: the economic structural adjustment programme (esap) has helped most people; only a minority have suffered. b: the economic structural adjustment programme (esap) has hurt most people and only benefited a minority
here are two statements. please tell me whether you agree more with statement a or b? a. the growth, employment and redistribution programme (gear) has helped most people; only a minority have suffered. or: b. the growth, employment and redistribution programme (gear) has hurt most people and only benefited a minority
here are two statements. please tell me whether you agree more with statement a or b? a.the structural adjustment programme (esap) has helped most people; only a minority have suffered. or: b. the structural adjustment programme (esap) has hurt most people and only benefited a minority
here is a list of actions that people sometimes take as citizens. for each of these, please tell me whether you, personally, have done any of these things during the past year. if not, would you do this if you had the chance: attended a community meeting
here is a list of actions that people sometimes take as citizens. for each of these, please tell me whether you, personally, have done any of these things during the past year. if not, would you do this if you had the chance: attended a community meeting?         15
here is a list of actions that people sometimes take as citizens. for each of these, please tell me whether you, personally, have done any of these things during the past year. if not, would you do this if you had the chance: attended a demostartion or protest march
here is a list of actions that people sometimes take as citizens. for each of these, please tell me whether you, personally, have done any of these things during the past year. if not, would you do this if you had the chance: discussed politics with friends or neighbors
here is a list of actions that people sometimes take as citizens. for each of these, please tell me whether you, personally, have done any of these things during the past year. if not, would you do this if you had the chance: got together with others to raise an issue
here is a list of actions that people sometimes take as citizens. for each of these, please tell me whether you, personally, have done any of these things during the past year. if not, would you do this if you had the chance: used force or violence for a political cause
here is a list of things that are important for development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for these things?  b.  creating jobs
here is a list of things that are important for development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for these things?  c.  building houses
here is a list of things that are important for development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for these things?  d.  reducing crime
here is a list of things that are important for development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for these things?  e.  buying and selling diamonds
here is a list of things that are important for development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for these things?  f.  helping farmers borrow money to improve production of livestock and crops
here is a list of things that are important for development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for these things?  is it the government, private businesses, individuals, or some combination of these?  a.  providing schools and clinics
here is a list of things that are important for development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for these things?  is it the government, private businesses, individuals, or some combination of these?  b.  creating jobs
here is a list of things that are important for development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for these things?  is it the government, private businesses, individuals, or some combination of these?  c.  building houses
here is a list of things that are important for development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for these things?  is it the government, private businesses, individuals, or some combination of these?  d.  reducing crime
here is a list of things that are important for development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for these things?  is it the government, private businesses, individuals, or some combination of these?  e.  buying and selling copper
here is a list of things that are important for development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for these things?  is it the government, private businesses, individuals, or some combination of these?  e.  buying and selling crops and livestock
here is a list of things that are important for development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for these things?  is it the government, private businesses, individuals, or some combination of these?  e.  buying and selling gold
here is a list of things that are important for development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for these things?  is it the government, private businesses, individuals, or some combination of these?  e.  buying and selling tobacco
here is a list of things that are important for development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for these things?  is it the government, private businesses, individuals, or some combination of these?  f.  helping farmers borrow money to improve production of livestock and crops
here is a list of things that are important for development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for these things.  a.  providing schools and clinics
here is a list of things that are important for the development of our country.  in your opinion, who isresponsible for providing these things?  the government, private businesses, or individuals?  or some combination 20of these providers?  d.  buying and selling cocoa
here is a list of things that are important for the development of our country.  in your opinion, who isresponsible for providing these things?  the government, private businesses, or individuals?  or some combinationof these providers?  a.  protecting the nation’s borders
here is a list of things that are important for the development of our country.  in your opinion, who isresponsible for providing these things?  the government, private businesses, or individuals?  or some combinationof these providers?  b.  building your house
here is a list of things that are important for the development of our country.  in your opinion, who isresponsible for providing these things?  the government, private businesses, or individuals?  or some combinationof these providers?  c.  extending agricultural credit
here is a list of things that are important for the development of our country.  in your opinion, who isresponsible for providing these things?  the government, private businesses, or individuals?  or some combinationof these providers?  e.  selling consumer goods
here is a list of things that are important for the development of our country.  in your opinion, who isresponsible for providing these things?  the government, private businesses, or individuals?  or some combinationof these providers?  f.  providing schools and clinics
here is a list of things that are important for the development of our country.  in your opinion, who isresponsible for providing these things?  the government, private businesses, or individuals?  or some combinationof these providers?  g.  creating jobs
here is a list of things that are important for the development of our country.  in your opinion, who isresponsible for providing these things?  the government, private businesses, or individuals?  or some combinationof these providers?  h.  reducing crime
here is a list of things that are important for the development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for these things?  is it the government, private businesses, individuals, or some combination of these?  a.  providing schools and clinics
here is a list of things that are important for the development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for these things?  is it the government, private businesses, individuals, or some combination of these?  b.  creating jobs
here is a list of things that are important for the development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for these things?  is it the government, private businesses, individuals, or some combination of these?  c.  building houses
here is a list of things that are important for the development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for these things?  is it the government, private businesses, individuals, or some combination of these?  d.  reducing crime
here is a list of things that are important for the development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for these things?  is it the government, private businesses, individuals, or some combination of these?  e.  buying and selling diamonds
here is a list of things that are important for the development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for these things?  is it the government, private businesses, individuals, or some combination of these?  e.  buying and selling tobacco
here is a list of things that are important for the development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for these things?  is it the government, private businesses, individuals, or some combination of these?  f.  helping farmers borrow money to improve production of livestock and crops
here is a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  for each of these, please tell me whether you have engaged in this activity or not?  if yes-read out options 1-3, if no-read out options 4 and 5.  a.  participate with others to address an important problem affecting the community or nation (other than an elections)
here is a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  for each of these, please tell me whether you have engaged in this activity or not?  if yes-read out options 1-3, if no-read out options 4 and 5.  b.  attend an election rally
here is a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  for each of these, please tell me whether you have engaged in this activity or not?  if yes-read out options 1-3, if no-read out options 4 and 5.  b.  attend an election rally.       4
here is a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  for each of these, please tell me whether you have engaged in this activity or not?  if yes-read out options 1-3, if no-read out options 4 and 5.  c.  work for a political candidate or party
here is a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  for each of these, please tell me whether you have engaged in this activity or not?  if yes-read out options 1-3, if no-read out options 4 and 5.  d.  write a letter to a newspaper
here is a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  please tell me how often you, personally,have done any of these things during the last five years.  a.  attending a community meeting
here is a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  please tell me how often you, personally,have done any of these things during the last five years.  b.  getting together with others to raise an issue
here is a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  please tell me how often you, personally,have done any of these things during the last five years.  c.  attending an election rally. 27
here is a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  please tell me how often you, personally,have done any of these things during the last five years.  d.  working for a political candidate or party
here is a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  please tell me how often you, personally,have done any of these things during the last five years.  e.  signing a petition
here is a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  please tell me how often you, personally,have done any of these things during the last five years.  f.  writing a letter to a newspaper
here is a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  please tell me how often you, personally,have done any of these things during the last five years.  g. attending a demostartion
household back-checked
how do economic conditions in [country] compare to one year ago?  are they:
how do economic conditions in [country] now compare to one year ago?  are they:
how do economic conditions in botswana now compare to one year ago?  are they:
how do economic conditions in lesotho compare to one year ago?  are they:
how do you feel about dismissed judges who ruled against the government
how easy or difficult is it for someone like yourself to start a small business
how important is it to you that government of [country] protects the following rights?  a.  people are free to criticize the government
how important is it to you that government of [country] protects the following rights?  b.  people can freely practice their religion
how important is it to you that government of [country] protects the following rights?  c.  the private property of individuals is protected by law
how important is it to you that government of [country] protects the following rights?  d.  the rights of minority group are protected
how interested are you in politics and government
how interested are you in public affairs
how interested do you think parliament is in what happens to you or hearing what people like you think?  are they:
how interested do you think president is in what happens to you or hearing what people like you think?  is he:
how interested do you think the _____ government is in what happens to you or hearing what people like you think? are you:
how interested do you think the president is in what happens to you or hearing what people like you think?  is he:
how interested do you think the president mbeki is in what happens to you or hearing what people like you think?  is he:
how interested do you think the prime minister is in what happens to you or hearing what people like you think?  is he:
how interested do you think your local chief is in what happens to you or hearing what people like you think?  are they:
how interested do you think your local councillor is in what happens to you or hearing what people like you think?  is he or she:
how interested do you think your local councilor is in what happens to you or hearing what people like you think?  is he or she:
how likely do you think it would be that the authorities could enforce the law if a person like yourself: committed a serious crime
how likely do you think it would be that the authorities could enforce the law if a person like yourself: did not pay a tax on some of the income they earned
how likely do you think it would be that the authorities could enforce the law if a person like yourself: obtained household services (like water and electricity) without paying
how long do you think it will take:  a.  before the government fulfills the promises it has made
how long do you think it will take:  b.  before your own living standards meet your expectations
how long do you think it will take: a. before the government fulfills the promises it has made
how long do you think it will take: b. before your own living standards meet your expectations
how many are totally dependent on you? (ba phelisuoa ba hau ka kotloloho ba ba kae?)
how many calls were made to the household where the interview actually took place
how many civil servants, or those who work in government offices and ministries do you think are involved in corruption
how many civil servants, or those who work in government offices and ministries do you think are involved in corruption?  is it:
how many houses within the locality are formal houses
how many houses within the primary sampling unit are formal houses
how many members are there in your household
how many months did this amount to
how many months did this amount to?       0
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption: border officials (e.g. customs and immigration)
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption: elected leaders
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption: foreign businessmen
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption: government officials
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption: judges and magistrates
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption: local businessmen
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption: officials in the office of the president
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption: police
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption: religious leaders
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption: teachers and school administrators
how many officials in the _______ government do you think are involved in corruption
how many people over 18 live in this household
how many years of education have you had
how much do you trust each of the following: big private corporations
how much do you trust each of the following: courts of law
how much do you trust each of the following: government broadcasting service (nbc tv or radio)
how much do you trust each of the following: government broadcasting service (tv or radio)
how much do you trust each of the following: government newspapers
how much do you trust each of the following: government newspapers (new era)?         25
how much do you trust each of the following: independent broadcasting services (other tv or radio)
how much do you trust each of the following: independent broadcasting services (tv or radio)
how much do you trust each of the following: independent newspapers
how much do you trust each of the following: independent newspapers ([country]n, republikein)
how much do you trust each of the following: local authority council
how much do you trust each of the following: local government
how much do you trust each of the following: opposition political parties
how much do you trust each of the following: public corporations (like nampower, namwater, telecom, meat board, agronomic board)
how much do you trust each of the following: public corporations (like the electricity, telecommunications or agricultural marketing board)
how much do you trust each of the following: small businesses or shopkeepers
how much do you trust each of the following: state government
how much do you trust each of the following: the army
how much do you trust each of the following: the independent national electoral commission
how much do you trust each of the following: the national assembly
how much do you trust each of the following: the national council
how much do you trust each of the following: the police
how much do you trust each of the following: the president
how much do you trust each of the following: the ruling party
how much do you trust each of the following: the ruling party?         24
how much do you trust each of the following: traders in local markets
how much do you trust each of the following: traditional leaders
how much do you trust each of the following: traditional rulers
how much do you trust the following institution: a. ccm to preserve peace and tranquility in [country]
how much do you trust the following institution: b. the opposition parties to preserve peace and tranquility in [country]
how much do you trust the following institutions: a. courts of law
how much do you trust the following institutions: a. traditional rulers
how much do you trust the following institutions: b. local government authorities
how much do you trust the following institutions: c. the police
how much do you trust the following institutions: e. political parties
how much do you trust the following institutions: f. the army
how much do you trust the following institutions: g. the national assembly (parliament)
how much do you trust the following institutions: h. the national electoral commission (nec)?       6
how much do you trust the following institutions: i. the national broadcaster rtd
how much do you trust the following institutions?  a.  chiefs
how much do you trust the following institutions?  b.  district assemblies
how much do you trust the following institutions?  c.  the police
how much do you trust the following institutions?  d.  courts of law
how much do you trust the following institutions?  e.  political parties
how much do you trust the following institutions?  f.  the army
how much do you trust the following institutions?  g.  parliament
how much do you trust the following institutions?  h.  [country] broadcasting corporation
how much do you trust the following institutions?  i.  electoral commission
how much do you trust the following institutions? a. courts of law
how much do you trust the following institutions? a. traditional rulers
how much do you trust the following institutions? b. local government authorities
how much do you trust the following institutions? c. the police
how much do you trust the following institutions? e. political parties
how much do you trust the following institutions? f. the army
how much do you trust the following institutions? g. the national assembly
how much do you trust the following institutions? h. the electoral commission (ceni)
how much do you trust the following institutions? i. the national broadcaster ortm
how much do you trust the following people: a. your relatives
how much do you trust the following people: b. your neighbors
how much do you trust the following people: c. someone in your own tribe
how much do you trust the following people: d. [country]ns from other tribes
how much do you trust the following people: e. president mkapa
how much do you trust the following people?  a.  your relatives
how much do you trust the following people?  a. your relatives
how much do you trust the following people?  b.  your neighbors
how much do you trust the following people?  b. your neighbors
how much do you trust the following people?  c.  someone in your own tribe
how much do you trust the following people?  c. someone in your own tribe
how much do you trust the following people?  d.  [country]ians from other tribes
how much do you trust the following people?  d. [country]ans from other tribes
how much do you trust the following people?  e. president konare
how much education have you had
how much have you heard about the referendum from each of the following sources?  a.  a family member
how much have you heard about the referendum from each of the following sources?  b.  a friend or acquaintance
how much have you heard about the referendum from each of the following sources?  c.  an nrm official
how much have you heard about the referendum from each of the following sources?  d.  a political party official
how much have you heard about the referendum from each of the following sources?  e.  a church leader
how much have you heard about the referendum from each of the following sources?  f.  a civic educator
how much have you heard about the referendum from each of the following sources?  g.  posters
how much have you heard about the referendum from each of the following sources?  h.  pamphlets
how much have you heard about the referendum from each of the following sources?  i.  community meetings
how much have you heard about the referendum from each of the following sources?  j.  radio
how much have you heard about the referendum from each of the following sources?  k.  television
how much have you heard about the referendum from each of the following sources?  l.  newspapers
how much have you heard about the upcoming referendum of june 2000 or haven’t you had an opportunity to hear about it yet
how much of the time can trust your local government to do what is right?  is it:
how much of the time can trust your local government to do what is right.  is it:
how much of the time can you trust parliament to do what is right?  is it:
how much of the time can you trust parliament to do what is right.  is it:
how much of the time can you trust president to do what is right.  is it:
how much of the time can you trust the _____ government to do what is right?  is it:
how much of the time can you trust the president mbeki to do what is right.  is it:
how much of the time can you trust the president to do what is right.  is it:
how much of the time can you trust the prime minister to do what is right.  is it:
how much of the time can you trust your local chief to do what is right?  is it:
how much of the time do you think elected leaders try their best: to listen to what people like you have to say
how much of the time do you think elected leaders try their best: to look after the interests of people like you
how often are ___________s [respondent’s identity group] treated unfairly by the government
how often do you discuss politics and government with other people
how often do you get news about politics and government from:  a.  discussions with others
how often do you get news about politics and government from:  b.  the radio
how often do you get news about politics and government from:  c.  television
how often do you get news about politics and government from:  d.  newspapers
how often do you get news from the following sources:  a.  radio
how often do you get news from the following sources:  a. radio
how often do you get news from the following sources:  b.  television
how often do you get news from the following sources:  c.  newspaper
how often do you get news from the following sources:  c.  newspapers
how often do you get news from the following sources:  radio
how often do you get news from the following sources: newspapers
how often do you get news from the following sources: radio
how often do you get news from the following sources: television
how often do you get news from:  a.  the radio
how often do you get news from:  b.  the television
how often do you get news from:  c.  newspaper
how often do you get news from: a. the radio
how often do you get news from: b. television
how often do you get news from: c. newspapers
how often do you listen to a news bulletin on the radio
how often do you read a newspaper
how often, if ever, has a public official asked you for a bribe or a favor in return for getting something you were entitled to
how often, if ever, has a public official asked you for a bribe or a favor in return for getting somethingyou were entitled to
how often, if ever, have you been required to give a bribe, a gift, a favor or anything else in return for getting something you were entitled to
how old were you at your last birthday
how old were you at your last birthday? if respondent can’t answer:  in which year were you born
how old were you at your last birthday? or what year were you born
how old were you at your last birthday? or: in which year were you born
how old were you on your last birthday? or:[if respondent cannot answer] in which year were you born
how satisfied are you with:  a.  your own living conditions today
how satisfied are you with:  b.  the condition of the [country]n economy today
how satisfied are you with:  c.  the general situation in the country today
how satisfied are you with: a. your own living conditions today
how satisfied are you with: b. the condition of the [country]an economy today
how satisfied are you with: b. the condition of the [country]n economy today
how satisfied are you with: c. the general situation in the country today
how satisfied are you:  a.  with the general state of the [country]ian economy today
how satisfied are you:  a.  with the general state of the [country]n economy today
how satisfied are you:  b.  with your own living conditions today
how satisfied are you:  b.  with your own living conditions today? 23
how satisfied or unsatisfied are you with the erp
how satisfied or unsatisfied are you with the sap
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters: addressing educational needs
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters: combating hiv or aids
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters: creating jobs
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters: delivering household water
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters: ensuring everyone has enough to eat
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters: fighting corruption in government
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters: improving basic health services
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters: improving basic health services?         28
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters: keeping prices stable
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters: narrowing income gaps between rich and poor
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters: reducing crime
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters: resolving conflicts between communities
how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems
how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems: a. creating jobs
how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems: b. keeping prices low
how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems: c. narrowing income gaps between rich and poor
how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems: d. reducing crime
how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems: e. addressing educational needs
how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems: f. improving health services
how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems: g. assuring that all [country]ns have enough to eat
how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems: h. preventing the spread of aids
how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems: i. alleviating poverty
how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems: j. fighting corruption in government
how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems?       0
how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems?  a.  creating jobs
how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems?  b.  keeping prices low
how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems?  c.  narrowing income gaps between rich and poor
how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems?  d.  reducing crime
how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems?  e.  reducing domestic violence
how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems?  f.  addressing educational needs
how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems?  g.  improving basic health services
how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems?  h.  fighting aids
how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems?  i.  alleviating poverty
how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems?  j.  providing access to land for women
how well would you say the current government is handling the following problems?  k.  fighting corruption in government
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well, not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion.  a.  creating jobs
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well, not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion.  b.  building houses
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well, not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion.  c.  ensuring that prices remain stable
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well, not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion.  d.  reducing crime
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well, not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion.  e.  improving health services
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well, not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion.  f.  addressing the educational needs of all people of [country]
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well, not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion.  f.  addressing the educational needs of all people of botswana
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well, not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion.  g.  managing the economy
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well, not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion.  h.  delivering basic services like water and electricity
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well, not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion.  i.  making sure everyone has enough land
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well, not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion. d. reducing crime
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well, or not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion.   h.  delivering basic services like water and electricity
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well,, or not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion.   i.  making sure everyone has enough land
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well,, or not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion.   j.  affirmative action
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well,, or not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion.   k.  fighting corruption in government
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well,, or not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion.   l.  uniting all [country]ns into one nation
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well,, or not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion.   m.  narrowing the income gap between rich and poor
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well,, or not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion.   n.  distributing welfare payments to those who are entitled to it (such as old age pensions, disability payments, child maintenance grants)
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well,, or not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion.   o.  making reparations to people identified as victims by the truth and reconciliation commission
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well,, or not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion.   p.  preventing the spread of hiv  or aids
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well,, or not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion.   q.  [country]’s response to the situation in [country]
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well,, or not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion.  b.  building houses
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well,, or not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion.  c.  ensuring that prices remain stable
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well,, or not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion.  e.  improving health services
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well,, or not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion.  f.  addressing the educational needs of all [country]ans
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well,, or not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion.  f.  addressing the educational needs of all [country]ns
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well,, or not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion.  f.  addressing the educational needs of all[nationality]
how well would you say the government is handling the following matters?  would you say very well, fairly well, not very well,, or not at all well, or haven’t you heard enough about this to have an opinion.  g.  managing the economy
how well would you say the government is handling the following problems?  a.  creating jobs
how well would you say the government is handling the following problems?  b.  keeping prices low
how well would you say the government is handling the following problems?  c.  narrowing income gaps between rich and poor
how well would you say the government is handling the following problems?  c.  narrowing income gapsbetween different group
how well would you say the government is handling the following problems?  d.  reducing crime
how well would you say the government is handling the following problems?  e.  addressing the educational needs of all [country]ns
how well would you say the government is handling the following problems?  e.  addressing theeducational needs of all [country]ians
how well would you say the government is handling the following problems?  f.   improving basic healthservices
how well would you say the government is handling the following problems?  f.  improving basic health services
how well would you say the government is handling the following problems?  g.  assuring that all [country]ns have enough to eat
how well would you say the government is handling the following problems?  g.  fighting corruption ingovernment
how well would you say the government is handling the following problems?  h.  fighting corruption in government
how would you describe your financial situation during the past year?  did you save money, spend all your income, spend some of your own savings, or borrow money?       6
how would you describe your financial situation during the past year? did you save money, spend all your income, spend some of your own savings, or borrow money
how would you describe your household financial situation in the last year? did you save money, spend all your income, spend some of your own savings, or borrow money to live on
i am going to read out a list of things that are important for development of our country.  in your opinion, who is responsible for providing these things?  the government, private businesses, or individuals?  or some combination of these providers?  b.  building your house
i am going to read out a list of things that are important for development of our country.  in your opinion, who is responsible for providing these things?  the government, private businesses, or individuals?  or some combination of these providers?  c.  extending agricultural credit
i am going to read out a list of things that are important for development of our country.  in your opinion, who is responsible for providing these things?  the government, private businesses, or individuals?  or some combination of these providers?  d.  producing and marketing oil
i am going to read out a list of things that are important for development of our country.  in your opinion, who is responsible for providing these things?  the government, private businesses, or individuals?  or some combination of these providers?  e.  selling consumer goods        9
i am going to read out a list of things that are important for development of our country.  in your opinion, who is responsible for providing these things?  the government, private businesses, or individuals?  or some combination of these providers?  f.  providing schools and clinics
i am going to read out a list of things that are important for development of our country.  in your opinion, who is responsible for providing these things?  the government, private businesses, or individuals?  or some combination of these providers?  g.  creating jobs
i am going to read out a list of things that are important for development of our country.  in your opinion, who is responsible for providing these things?  the government, private businesses, or individuals?  or some combination of these providers?  h.  reducing crime
i am going to read out a list of things that are important for the development of our country.  in your opinion, who is responsible for providing these things?  the government, private businesses, or individuals?  or some combination of these providers?  a.  protecting the nation’s borders
i am going to read out a list of things that are important for the development of our country. in your opinion, who is responsible for providing these things? the government, private businesses, or the people themselves? or some combination of these providers
i am going to read out a list of things that are important for the development of our country. in your opinion, who is responsible for providing these things? the government, private businesses, or the people themselves? or some combination of these providers: b. building your house
i am going to read out a list of things that are important for the development of our country. in your opinion, who is responsible for providing these things? the government, private businesses, or the people themselves? or some combination of these providers: c. extending agricultural credit
i am going to read out a list of things that are important for the development of our country. in your opinion, who is responsible for providing these things? the government, private businesses, or the people themselves? or some combination of these providers: d. producing and marketing cotton
i am going to read out a list of things that are important for the development of our country. in your opinion, who is responsible for providing these things? the government, private businesses, or the people themselves? or some combination of these providers: e. selling consumer goods
i am going to read out a list of things that are important for the development of our country. in your opinion, who is responsible for providing these things? the government, private businesses, or the people themselves? or some combination of these providers: f. providing schools and clinics
i am going to read out a list of things that are important for the development of our country. in your opinion, who is responsible for providing these things? the government, private businesses, or the people themselves? or some combination of these providers: g. creating jobs?       1
i am going to read out a list of things that are important for the development of our country. in your opinion, who is responsible for providing these things? the government, private businesses, or the people themselves? or some combination of these providers: h. reducing crime
i am going to read out a list of things that are important for the development of our country. in your opinion, who is responsible for providing these things? the government, private businesses, or the people themselves? or some combination of these providers: protecting the nation’s borders
i am going to read out a list of things that are important for the development of our country. in your opinion, who is responsible for providing these things? the government, private businesses, or the people themselves? or some combination of these providers?        8
i am going to read out some things that people sometimes say about a democratic political system.  could you please tell me if you agree or disagree after i read out each one?  a.  in a democracy, the economic system runs badly
i am going to read out some things that people sometimes say about a democratic political system.  could you please tell me if you agree or disagree after i read out each one?  b.  democracies are indecisive and have too much squabbling
i am going to read out some things that people sometimes say about a democratic political system.  could you please tell me if you agree or disagree after i read out each one?  c.  democracies aren’t good at maintaining order
i am going to read out some things that people sometimes say about a democratic political system.  could you please tell me if you agree or disagree after i read out each one?  d.  democracy may have problems, but its better than any other form of government
i am know going to read you a list of people and organizations.  how much do you trust each of them to do what is right?  a.  someone from your own ethnic group
i am know going to read you a list of people and organizations.  how much do you trust each of them to do what is right?  b.  [country]ns from other ethnic group
i am know going to read you a list of people and organizations.  how much do you trust each of them to do what is right?  c.  the police
i am know going to read you a list of people and organizations.  how much do you trust each of them to do what is right?  d.  the courts of law
i am know going to read you a list of people and organizations.  how much do you trust each of them to do what is right?  e.  the national resistance movement
i am know going to read you a list of people and organizations.  how much do you trust each of them to do what is right?  f.  political parties
i am know going to read you a list of people and organizations.  how much do you trust each of them to do what is right?  g.  lc 5
i am know going to read you a list of people and organizations.  how much do you trust each of them to do what is right?  h.  the electoral commission
i am know going to read you a list of people and organizations.  how much do you trust each of them to do what is right?  i.  [country] joint christian council
i am know going to read you a list of people and organizations.  how much do you trust each of them to do what is right?  j.  women’s organizations
i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  please tell me how often you personally have done any of these things in the last five years?  a.  discussed politics with spouse
i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  please tell me how often you personally have done any of these things in the last five years?  b.  discussed politics with friends and neighbors
i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  please tell me how often you personally have done any of these things in the last five years?  c.  taught children about government
i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  please tell me how often you personally have done any of these things in the last five years?  d.  attended a community meeting
i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  please tell me how often you personally have done any of these things in the last five years?  e.  attended a civic education meeting
i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  please tell me how often you personally have done any of these things in the last five years?  f.  attended an election rally
i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  please tell me how often you personally have done any of these things in the last five years?  g.  promoted a candidate for office
i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  please tell me how often you, personally, have done any of these things during the last five years.  a.  attending a community meeting
i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  please tell me how often you, personally, have done any of these things during the last five years.  b.  getting together with others to raise an issue
i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  please tell me how often you, personally, have done any of these things during the last five years.  c.  attending an election rally
i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  please tell me how often you, personally, have done any of these things during the last five years.  d.  working for a political candidate or party
i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  please tell me how often you, personally, have done any of these things during the last five years.  e.  signing a petition
i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  please tell me how often you, personally, have done any of these things during the last five years.  f.  writing a letter to a newspaper
i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens.  please tell me how often you, personally, have done any of these things during the last five years.  g. attending a demostartion
i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens. please tell me how often you, personally, have done any of these things during the last five years: a. attended a community meeting
i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens. please tell me how often you, personally, have done any of these things during the last five years: b. got together with others to raise an issue
i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens. please tell me how often you, personally, have done any of these things during the last five years: c. attended an election rally
i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens. please tell me how often you, personally, have done any of these things during the last five years: d. worked for a political candidate or party
i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens. please tell me how often you, personally, have done any of these things during the last five years: e. signed a petition
i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens. please tell me how often you, personally, have done any of these things during the last five years: f. wrote a letter to a newspaper
i will read out a list of things that people sometimes do as citizens. please tell me how often you, personally, have done any of these things during the last five years: g. attended a demostartion
i would like to speak about traditional leadership.  do you have a traditional leader, chief, or headman
if a non-elected government or leader could impose law and order, and deliver houses and jobs: how willing or unwilling would you be to give up regular elections and live under such a government
if all decisions were made by a council of elders, traditional leaders, or chiefs
if all important decisions about the economy were made by economic experts rather than an elected government or parliament
if only one political party, or candidates from only one party, were allowed to stand for elections and hold office
if parliament and political parties were abolished, so that the president could decide everything
if respondent made contact, what type of person was this
if the army came in to govern the country
if the country returned to the old system of [country]n rule
if the country returned to the old system of british colonial rule
if the country returned to the old system of white minority rule
if the country returned to the old system we had under apartheid
if the country returned to the old system we had under kaunda
if the country returned to the old system we had under the colonial government
if there were elections for national government tomorrow, which political party or organization would you vote for? this is a secret vote, so i do not want you to tell me who you voted for. please make a cross next to your choice of party on a national level
if you became seriously ill and needed some help at home, is there anyone you could count on for help, a. in your family
if you became seriously ill and needed some help at home, is there anyone you could count on for help, b. outside your family
if you became seriously ill and needed some help at home, is there anyone you could count on for help: a. in your family
if you became seriously ill and needed some help at home, is there anyone you could count on for help: b. outside your family
if you could no longer get a cash income in this way, what other methods would you be most likely to use, or would there be nothing you could do
if you could no longer get a cash income in this way, what other methods would you be most likely to use?  is there anything else
if you could no longer get healthcare in this way, what other methods would you be most likely to use
if you could no longer get healthcare in this way, what other methods would you be most likely to use?  is there anything else
if you could no longer obtain food in this way, what other methods would you be most likely to use
if you could no longer obtain food in this way, what other methods would you be most likely to use?  is there anything else
if you could no longer protect your home in this way, what other methods would you be most likely to use
if you could no longer protect your home in this way, what other methods would you be most likely to use?  is there anything else
if you ever felt unsafe in your surroundings, how likely would you be to take the following actions:  a.  report to the police
if you ever felt unsafe in your surroundings, how likely would you be to take the following actions:  a. report to the police
if you ever felt unsafe in your surroundings, how likely would you be to take the following actions:  b.  carry something for protection, like a weapon
if you ever felt unsafe in your surroundings, how likely would you be to take the following actions:  b. carry something for protection, like a weapon
if you ever felt unsafe in your surroundings, how likely would you be to take the following actions:  c.  have other people with you when going out
if you ever felt unsafe in your surroundings, how likely would you be to take the following actions:  c. have other people with you when going out
if you ever felt unsafe in your surroundings, how likely would you be to take the following actions:  d.  try to form a group with other citizens to combat crime
if you ever felt unsafe in your surroundings, how likely would you be to take the following actions:  d. try to form a group with other citizens to combat crime
if you needed to, could you borrow as much as a week’s living expenses from: a. a bank
if you needed to, could you borrow as much as a week’s living expenses from: b. a community group
if you needed to, could you borrow as much as a week’s living expenses from: c. a friend or relative
in [country], is there a difference between the following organizations or are they the same thing? a politicalparty and a government
in [country], is there a difference between the following organizations or are they the same thing? centralgovernment and local government
in [country], is there a difference between the following organizations or are they the same thing? the armyand the government 8
in [country], is there a difference between the following organizations or are they the same thing? the chiefsand the government
in [country], is there a difference between what the following organizations do or do they do the same thing?  a.  the traditional rulers and the government
in [country], is there a difference between what the following organizations do or do they do the same thing?  b.  the army and the government
in [country], is there a difference between what the following organizations do or do they do the same thing?  c.  a political party and the government
in [country], is there a difference between what the following organizations do or do they do the same thing?  d.  federal government and local government
in general, do you feel that people in government are less interested, or more interested in what ______s (respondent’s identity from q82) think compared to other group, or is it about the same
in general, do you feel that people in government are less interested, or more interested in what ______s (respondent’s identity from q83) think compared to other group, or is it about the same
in general, how do you rate: the economic conditions in this country compared to those in neighbouring countries
in general, how do you rate: your living conditions compared to those of other [country]ns
in general, how would you describe: the present economic conditions of this country
in general, how would you describe: your own present living conditions
in particular, how satisfied are you with the performance of:  a.  your lc 5 representative
in particular, how satisfied are you with the performance of:  b.  your member of parliament
in particular, how satisfied are you with the performance of:  c.  the resident district commissioner (rdc)
in particular, how satisfied are you with the performance of:  d.  president museveni
in the last 12 months, how often have you or your family been without cash income
in the last five years, have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem?  a.  a traditional ruler
in the last five years, have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem?  b. a local council member
in the last five years, have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem?  c.  a member of parliament
in the last five years, have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem?  d. an official of a government ministry
in the last five years, have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem?  e.  a religious leader
in the last five years, have you contacted any of the following persons for help to solve a problem?  f. some other influential person
in the last month, how much of the time ______?  was it often, sometimes, rarely, or never?  a.  has your physical health reduced the amount of work you would normally do inside or outside your home
in the last month, how much of the time ______?  was it often, sometimes, rarely, or never?  b.  have you been so worried or anxious that you have felt tired, worn out, or exhausted
in the last month, how much of the time: has your physical health reduced the amount of work you would normally do inside or outside your home
in the last month, how much of the time: have you been so worried or anxious that you have felt tired, worn out, or exhausted
in the last twelve months, how often did you or your family go without:  a.  enough clean water to drink and cook with
in the last twelve months, how often did you or your family go without:  b.  shelter
in the last twelve months, how often did you or your family go without:  c.  electricity in your home
in the last twelve months, how often did you or your family go without:  d.  enough fuel to heat your home or cook your food
in the last twelve months, how often did you or your family have to go without a cash income?  was it:
in the last twelve months, how often have you or your family felt unsafe from crime in your home?  was it:
in the last twelve months, how often have you or your family had to do without enough food to eat?  is it:
in the last twelve months, how often have you or your family had to do without medicine or medical treatment that you needed?  was it:
in the last twelve months, how often have you or your family:  a.  gone without enough food to eat
in the last twelve months, how often have you or your family:  b.  felt unsafe from crime in your home
in the last twelve months, how often have you or your family:  c.  gone without medicine or medical treatment that you needed
in the last twelve months, how often have you or your family:  d.  gone without a cash income
in the last twelve months, how often have you or your family:  e.  gone without enough clean water to drink and cook with
in the last twelve months, how often have you or your family:  f.  gone without shelter
in the last twelve months, how often have you or your family:  g.  gone without electricity in your home
in the last twelve months, how often have you or your family:  h.  gone without enough fuel to heat your home or cook your food
in the past twelve months, have you been unemployed (that is, without a cash job) at any time for a period of at least one month or more
in the past two years,  have you or anyone else you know b.  had your house broken into and hadsomething stolen
in the past two years, have you or anyone else you know a.  been attacked or robbed when movingabout in public
in the past two years, have you or anyone else you know been attacked or robbed when moving about in public?  a.  no, no one
in the past two years, have you or anyone else you know been attacked or robbed when moving about in public?  b.  friends or acquaintances
in the past two years, have you or anyone else you know been attacked or robbed when moving about in public? d.  yes, self
in the past two years, have you or anyone else you know had their house broken into and had something stolen?  b.  friend or acquaintance
in the past two years, have you or anyone else you know had their house broken into and had something stolen?  c.  family member
in the past two years, have you or anyone else you know had your house broken into and had something stolen?  d.  yes, self
in the past two years, have you or anyone else you know had your or their house broken into and had something stolen?  a.  no, no one
in the past two years, have you or anyone else you know: a. been attacked or robbed when moving about in public
in the past two years, have you or anyone else you know: b. had your or their home broken into and had something stolen
in the past two years, have your or anyone else you know been attacked or robbed when moving about in public?  c.  family member
in the past year, have you been unemployed (that is, without a cash job) at any time for a period of at least one month or more
in the past year, have you contacted a government official or political party official about some important problem or to give them your views?  if yes:  was it just once or twice, a few times, or frequently
in the past year, have you contacted a government official or political party official about some important problem or to give them your views?  if yes:  was it just once, twice, a few times, or frequently
in the past year, have you contacted an elected representative,  government official, political party official, or gone to a government or council meeting in order to give them your views or help solve some important problem that affects the community?  if yes:  was it just once, twice, a few times, or frequently
in the past year, have you contacted any other influential person such as a church or community leader about some important problem or to give them your views?  if yes:  was it just once or twice, a few times, or frequently
in the past year, have you contacted any other non-governmental influential person such as a church leader, community leader, or traditional leader, or even attended a traditional council meeting, in order to give your view or help solve some important problem?  if yes:  was it just once or twice, a few times, or frequently
in the past year, have you or anyone in your family had to pay money to government officials (besides paying rates or taxes), give them a gift, or do them a favour, in order to get the following?  if yes:  was it just once or twice, a few times or frequently?  a.  a job
in the past year, have you or anyone in your family had to pay money to government officials (besides paying rates or taxes), give them a gift, or do them a favour, in order to get the following?  if yes:  was it just once or twice, a few times or frequently?  b.  a government maintenance payment, pension payment, or loan
in the past year, have you or anyone in your family had to pay money to government officials (besides paying rates or taxes), give them a gift, or do them a favour, in order to get the following?  if yes:  was it just once or twice, a few times or frequently?  c.  electricity or water
in the past year, have you or anyone in your family had to pay money to government officials (besides paying rates or taxes), give them a gift, or do them a favour, in order to get the following?  if yes:  was it just once or twice, a few times or frequently?  d.  housing or land
in the past year, how often (if ever) have you had to pay a bribe, give a gift, or do a favour to government officials in order to: anything else
in the past year, how often (if ever) have you had to pay a bribe, give a gift, or do a favour to government officials in order to: avoid a problem with the police (like passing a checkpoint or avoiding a fine or arrest)
in the past year, how often (if ever) have you had to pay a bribe, give a gift, or do a favour to government officials in order to: cross a border (like a customs or immigration post)
in the past year, how often (if ever) have you had to pay a bribe, give a gift, or do a favour to government officials in order to: get a child into school
in the past year, how often (if ever) have you had to pay a bribe, give a gift, or do a favour to government officials in order to: get a document or a permit
in the past year, how often (if ever) have you had to pay a bribe, give a gift, or do a favour to government officials in order to: get a household service (like piped water, electricity, or phone)
in the psu or sector, did you (or any of your colleagues) see: any gardens or fields attached to households containing evidence of crops or vegetables being grown
in the psu or sector, did you (or any of your colleagues) see: any gardens or fields attached to households containing livestock such as goats, sheep, cows or horses
in the psu or sector, did you (or any of your colleagues) see: any gardens or fields attached to households containing livestock such as goats, sheep, cows or horses?         52
in the psu or sector, did you (or any of your colleagues) see: any policemen or police vehicles
in the psu or sector, did you (or any of your colleagues) see: any soldiers or army vehicles
in the psu or sector, did you (or any of your colleagues) see: any yards, gardens or fields attached to households with trees growing in them that were larger than one story in height
in the upcoming referendum in june 2000, will you vote for the movement system or for a multiparty system
in this country, how often: are people treated unequally under the law
in this country, how often: are people treated unequally under the law?         23
in this country, how often: do people have to be careful of what they say about politics
in this country, how often: does competition between political parties lead to conflict
in this country, how often: does the president ignore the constitution
in this country, you must be very careful of what you say or do with regard to politics
in what language was the interview conducted
in what type of shelter did respondent live
in what type of shelter did the respondent live
in what type of shelter does the respondent live
in your experience, how often do violent conflicts arise between people:  within your own family
in your experience, how often do violent conflicts arise between people: between different group in this country
in your experience, how often do violent conflicts arise between people: within the community where you live
in your household, how many children are there under the age of 18
in your opinion how much of a democracy is [country] today
in your opinion, do these various news sources promote public understanding on important issues or do they stir up conflict among people?  a.  radio
in your opinion, do these various news sources promote public understanding on important issues or do they stir up conflict among people?  b.  television
in your opinion, do these various news sources promote public understanding on important issues or do they stir up conflict among people?  c.  newspapers
in your opinion, do you think that the following media have given equal coverage to different points of view about the referendum?  a.  radio
in your opinion, do you think that the following media have given equal coverage to different points of view about the referendum?  b.  tv
in your opinion, do you think that the following media have given equal coverage to different points of view about the referendum?  c.  newspapers
in your opinion, how easy or difficult is it to obtain the following services: a. a birth certificate for a child
in your opinion, how easy or difficult is it to obtain the following services: b. a place in primary school for a child
in your opinion, how easy or difficult is it to obtain the following services: c. a voter registration card for yourself
in your opinion, how easy or difficult is it to obtain the following services: d. an electricity connection for your home
in your opinion, how easy or difficult is it to obtain the following services: e. a telephone connection (including cell phone)
in your opinion, how honest or dishonest were the presidential elections of may 1997
in your opinion, how honest or dishonest were the presidential elections of october 2000
in your opinion, how much of a democracy is [country] today
in your opinion, how often are _______(respondent’s identity from q18) treated unfairly by the government
in your opinion, how often are _______(respondent’s identity from q91) people treated unfairly by the government
in your opinion, how often are you treated unfairly by the government
in your opinion, is [country] today a democracy or not a democracy
in your opinion, should women be permitted:  a.  to vote
in your opinion, should women be permitted:  b.  to join political organizations
in your opinion, should women be permitted:  c.  to lead political organizations
in your opinion, should women be permitted:  d.  to be local councilors
in your opinion, should women be permitted:  e.  to be members of parliament
in your opinion, should women be permitted:  f.  to be cabinet ministers
in your opinion, should women be permitted:  g.  to be president of [country]
in your opinion, was the change to democracy in 1992 good or bad for the country
in your opinion, was the change to democracy in 1999 good or bad for the country
in your opinion, was this election conducted honestly or dishonestly
in your opinion, were public services delivered, improved, or repaired in this area for the purposes of influencing the outcome of the referendum
in your opinion, were the december 1996 elections generally honest, or did some candidates have anunfair advantage
in your opinion, were the following elections conducted honestly or dishonestly?  a.  the presidential elections of february 1999
in your opinion, were the following elections conducted honestly or dishonestly?  b.  the state government elections of january 1999
in your opinion, what are the most important problems facing this country that government should address
in your opinion, what are the most important responsibilities of your representative to the national assembly
in your opinion, what does it mean to be “poor”
in your opinion, what is the referendum about
in your opinion, which group has benefited most
in your opinion, which group has benefited the most? variable level:  which group has benefited
in your opinion, which minority has benefitted
in your opinion, who is most responsible for the current economic conditions in [country]
in your opinion, who is responsible for the current economic conditions in [country]
in your view, what are the most important problems facing :  a.  you personally
in your view, what are the most important problems facing:  the country, which government should address
in your view, what are the most important problems facing: a. you personally
in your view, what are the most important problems facing: b. the country, which government should address
interview number
interviewer:  do you come from a rural or urban area
interviewer:  interviewer’s gender
interviewer:  respondent’s gender
interviewer: do you come from a rural or urban area
interviewer: how many calls were made to the household where the interview actually took place
interviewer: how many calls were made to the household where the interview actually took place?         3
interviewer: unsuccessful calls – reasons for substitution
interviewer’s age
interviewer’s gender
interviewer’s highest level of education
interviewer’s home language
interviewer’s race
is there a school close by where you could afford to send your children
it is acceptable to bend the law, as long as one does not break it
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a [country]an and being a __________. which of these group do you feel most strongly attached to
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a [country]n and being a ________ [respondent’s identity group].  which of these two group do you feel most strongly attached to
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a [country]n and being a __________. which of these group do you feel most strongly attached to
let’s change the subject. i would like to hear your views about how this country is governed. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement a or statement b.  a: we should choose our leaders in this country through regular, open and honest elections. b: since elections sometimes produce bad results, we should adopt other methods for choosing this country’s leaders
let’s go back to talking about you. we have spoken to many [country]ns and they have all described themselves in different ways. some people describe themselves in terms of their language, ethnic group, race, religion, or gender and others describe themselves in economic terms, such as working class, middle class, or a farmer. besides being [country]n, which specific group do you feel you belong to first and foremost
let’s think for a moment about the languages that you use.  what language do you speak most at home
let’s turn to your role in the community. now i am going to read out a list of group that people join or attend. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member, or not a member: a religious group (e.g. church, mosque)
lets talk for a moment about the kind of society we would like to have in this country. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement a or statement b.     a: people are like children; the government should take care of them like a father.  b: government is an employee; the people are the bosses who control the government
lets talk for a moment about the kind of society we would like to have in this country. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement a or statement b.     a: people should look after themselves and be responsible for their own success in life. b: the government should bear the main responsibility for the well-being of people
lets talk for a moment about the kind of society we would like to have in this country. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement a or statement b.     a: since everyone is equal under the law, leaders should not favour their own family or group. b: once in office, leaders are obliged to help their home community
local government area
looking ahead, do you expect the following to be better or worse: economic conditions in this country in twelve months time
looking ahead, do you expect the following to be better or worse: economic conditions in this country in twelve months time?         5
looking ahead, do you expect the following to be better or worse: your living conditions in twelve months time
looking back, how do you rate the following compared to twelve months ago: economic conditions in this country
looking back, how do you rate the following compared to twelve months ago: your living conditions
looking back, how do you rate the following compared to twelve months ago: your living conditions?          4
milieu
more specifically, what sort of settlement was it
most government officials and politicians are mainly concerned with enriching themselves
name of town or village
none
now i am going to read out a list of group that people join or attend. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member, or not a member: a community development or self-help association
now i am going to read out a list of group that people join or attend. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member, or not a member: a professional or business association
now i am going to read out a list of group that people join or attend. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member, or not a member: a trade union or farmers association
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations.  for each one, could you tell me whether you are an active member, an inactive member, or not a member of that organization?:  a. church, mosque, or religious organization
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations.  for each one, could you tell me whether you are an active member, an inactive member, or not a member of that organization?:  c.  art, music, or educational organization
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations.  for each one, could you tell me whether you are an active member, an inactive member, or not a member of that organization?:  d.  trade union or farmers organization
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations.  for each one, could you tell me whether you are an active member, an inactive member, or not a member of that organization?:  e.  professional or business organization
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations.  for each one, could you tell me whether you are an active member, an inactive member, or not a member of that organization?:  f.  development association
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations.  for each one, could you tell me whether you are an active member, an inactive member, or not a member of that organization?:  h.  pro-democracy or human rights organization
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations.  for each one, could you tell me whether you are an active member, an inactive member, or not a member of that organization?:  i.  environmental association
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations.  for each one, could you tell me whether you are an active member, an inactive member, or not a member of that organization?:  j.  charitable organization
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations.  for each one, could you tell me whether you are an active member, an inactive member, or not a member of that organization?:  k.  other (specify)
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations.  for each one, could you tell me whether you are an active member, an inactive member, or not a member of that type of organization?:   b.  sport or recreation organization
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations.  for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member, or not a member of that type of organization?  a.  a religious organization like a church or a mosque
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations.  for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member, or not a member of that type of organization?  b.  sport or recreation organization
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations.  for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member, or not a member of that type of organization?  c.  art, music, or education organization
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations.  for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member, or not a member of that type of organization?  d.  trade union or farmer’s organization
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations.  for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member, or not a member of that type of organization?  e.  professional or business organization
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations.  for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member, or not a member of that type of organization?  f.  development association
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations.  for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member, or not a member of that type of organization?  g.  women’s organization
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations.  for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member, or not a member of that type of organization?  h.  pro-democracy or human right’s organization
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations.  for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member, or not a member of that type of organization?  i.  environmental association
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations.  for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member, or not a member of that type of organization?  j. charitable organization
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations.  for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member, or not a member of that type of organization?  k.  other
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member or not a member of that type of organization: a. a religious organization  (e.g., church, mosque)
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member or not a member of that type of organization: a) religious organization (e.g. church, mosque)
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member or not a member of that type of organization: b. sport or recreation organization
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member or not a member of that type of organization: b) sport or recreation organization
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member or not a member of that type of organization: c. educational organization (e.g., education trust)
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member or not a member of that type of organization: c) educational organization (e.g. pta)
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member or not a member of that type of organization: d. trade union or farmers organization
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member or not a member of that type of organization: d) trade union or farmers organization
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member or not a member of that type of organization: e. professional or business association
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member or not a member of that type of organization: e) professional or business association
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member or not a member of that type of organization: f. community development association
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member or not a member of that type of organization: f) community development association
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member or not a member of that type of organization: g. women’s organization
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member or not a member of that type of organization: g) women’s organization
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member or not a member of that type of organization: h. pro-democracy or human rights organization
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member or not a member of that type of organization: h) pro-democracy or human rights organization
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member or not a member of that type of organization: i. environmental association
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member or not a member of that type of organization: i) environmental assocation
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member or not a member of that type of organization: j) other (specify)
now i am going to read out a list of voluntary organizations. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member or not a member of that type of organization: k. other (specify)
now let us speak about your personal economic conditions.  would you say they are worse, the same, or better than other [country]ans
now let us speak about your personal economic conditions.  would you say they are worse, the same, or better than other [country]ns
now let us speak about your personal economic conditions.  would you say they are worse, the same, or better than other [nationality]
now let us speak about your personal economic conditions.  would you say they are worse, the same, or better than other people in botswana
now let’s speak about the present government of this country. how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters: managing the economy
now with regard to the upcoming local government elections, please remember that local organizations other than political parties may also stand for office. please make a cross next to your choice of party or organization
on a scale of 0 to 10, where 0 are “poor” people and 10 are “rich” people: which number do you expect your children to attain in the future
on a scale of 0 to 10, where 0 are “poor” people and 10 are “rich” people: which number do you expect your children to attain in the future?         6
on a scale of 0 to 10, where 0 are “poor” people and 10 are “rich” people: which number would you give your parents ten years ago
on a scale of 0 to 10, where 0 are “poor” people and 10 are “rich” people: which number would you give yourself today
on a scale of 1-10, where 1 is "poor" and 10 is "not poor," what number would you give your own household
on an average day, how much is your daily routine affected by feeling tired, stressed or sick
on an average day, how much is your daily routine affected by feeling tired, stressed, or sick
on an average day, roughly how much time do you spend on the following activities:  a.  working to earn money
on an average day, roughly how much time do you spend on the following activities:  b.  working to produce food
on an average day, roughly how much time do you spend on the following activities:  c.  doing household work
on an average day, roughly how much time do you spend on the following activities:  d.  taking care of children
on an average day, roughly how much time do you spend on the following activities:  e.  caring for other household members
on an average day, roughly how much time do you spend on the following activities: a. working to earn money
on an average day, roughly how much time do you spend on the following activities: a. working to earn money?         5
on an average day, roughly how much time do you spend on the following activities: b. working to produce food
on an average day, roughly how much time do you spend on the following activities: c. doing household work
on an average day, roughly how much time do you spend on the following activities: caring for sick household members
on an average day, roughly how much time do you spend on the following activities: d. taking care of children
on an average day, roughly how much time do you spend on the following activities: doing household work
on an average day, roughly how much time do you spend on the following activities: e. caring for other household members
on an average day, roughly how much time do you spend on the following activities: growing your own food
on an average day, roughly how much time do you spend on the following activities: taking care of children
on an average day, roughly how much time do you spend on the following activities: working to earn money
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the last national elections, held in 1996?  was it:
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the last national elections, held in 1999?  was it:
on the whole, is the way [country] governed:
on the whole, is the way [country] is governed
on the whole, is the way [country] is governed:
on the whole, is the way botswana governed:
on the whole, is the way lesotho governed:
on those occasions that you contacted a leader or attended a community meeting, what was your main reason for doing so
on those occasions when you did not participate, what was your main reason for not joining in
once again, please tell me which of the following statements is closest to your view. choose statement a or statement b.  a: a married man has a right to beat his wife and children if they misbehave. b: no-one has the right to use physical violence against anyone else
once again, please tell me which of the following statements is closest to your view. choose statement a or statement b.  a: even if there are conflicts among different group, [country] should remain united as one country. b: the differences among [country]ns are too strong; for the sake of peace, the country should be broken apart
once again, please tell me which of the following statements is closest to your view. choose statement a or statement b.  a: if you were a victim of a violent crime, you would turn for help to the police. b: if you were the victim of a violent crime, you would find a way to take revenge yourself
once again, please tell me which of the following statements is closest to your view. choose statement a or statement b.  a: it is acceptable for different parts of the country to have different legal systems, including sharia law.  b: [country] is a secular state; it should have one, non-religious legal system that applies to all people
once again, please tell me which of the following statements is closest to your view. choose statement a or statement b.  a: the use of violence is never justified in [country]n politics. b: in this country, it is sometimes necessary to use violence in support of a just cause
ordinary people can influence what government does
our constitution expresses the values and aspirations of [nationality]
our constitution expresses the values and aspirations of all [country]ans
our constitution expresses the values and aspirations of the [country]an people
our constitution expresses the values and aspirations of the [country]n people
our constitution expresses the values and aspirations of the people in botswana
our government exercises power in an acceptable way
our government has the right to make decisions that all people have to abide by whether or not they agree with them
our government has the right to make decisions that all people have to abide by, whether or not they agree with them
our government was elected to power by accepted procedures
over the past year, how often (if ever) have you or anyone in your family: been physically attacked
over the past year, how often (if ever) have you or anyone in your family: felt unsafe in your own home
over the past year, how often (if ever) have you or anyone in your family: had your home broken into and had something stolen
over the past year, how often have you attended meetings of a _____?  a.  church group (other than religious services)
over the past year, how often have you attended meetings of a _____?  b.  local cooperative, self-help association (such as a stokvel, burial association, or neighborhood watch)
over the past year, how often have you attended meetings of a _____?  b.  local self-help association
over the past year, how often have you attended meetings of a _____?  b.  local self-help association (such as a stokvel, burial association, or neighborhood watch)
over the past year, how often have you attended meetings of a _____?  b.  local self-help association (such as a stokvel, burial association, or neighbourhood watch)
over the past year, how often have you attended meetings of a _____?  c.  group concerned with local matters such as schools, housing, or rates
over the past year, how often have you attended meetings of a _____?  d.  local commercial organization such as a business group or farmers’ association
over the past year, how often have you attended meetings of a _____?  e.  group that does things for the community
over the past year, how often have you attended meetings of a _____?  f.  a trade union
over the past year, how often, if ever, have gone without:  a.  food for your family
over the past year, how often, if ever, have gone without:  b.  water for domestic use
over the past year, how often, if ever, have gone without:  c.  schooling for children
over the past year, how often, if ever, have gone without:  d.  healthcare for your family
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you gone without: a. food for your family
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you gone without: b. water for domestic use
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you gone without: c. schooling for children
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you gone without: d. medical treatment for your family
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you gone without: e. electricity in your home
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you gone without: f. a cash income
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or your family gone without: a cash income
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or your family gone without: electricity in your home
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or your family gone without: enough clean water for home use
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or your family gone without: enough food to eat
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or your family gone without: enough fuel to cook your food
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or your family gone without: medicines or medical treatment
over what sort of problems do violent conflicts most often arise between different group in this country
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in [country]
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in [country]?  are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in [country]? are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in botswana?       2
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in lesotho
overall, how satisfied or dissatisfied are you with the way democracy works in [country]
people are free to say what they think
people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones i will mention now. in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these: a. the majority rules
people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones i will mention now. in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these: b. anyone is free to criticize the government
people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones i will mention now. in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these: c. elections are held regularly
people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones i will mention now. in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these: d. at least two political parties compete with each other
people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones i will mention now. in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these: e. everyone enjoys basic necessities like shelter, food and water
people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones i will mention now. in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these: f. jobs for everyone
people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones i will mention now. in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these: g. education for everyone
people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones i will mention now. in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these: h. a small income gap between rich and poor
people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones i will mention now. in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these? a. the majority rules
people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones i will mention now. in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these? b. anyone is free to criticize the government
people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones i will mention now. in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these? c. elections are held regularly
people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones i will mention now. in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these? d. at least two political parties compete with each other
people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones i will mention now. in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these? e. everyone enjoys basic necessities like shelter, food and water
people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones i will mention now. in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these? f. jobs for everyone
people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones i will mention now. in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these? g. education for everyone
people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones i will mention now. in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these? h. a small income gap between rich and poor
people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones that i will mention now.  in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these.  a.  the majority rules
people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones that i will mention now.  in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these.  b. anyone is free to criticize the government
people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones that i will mention now.  in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these.  c.  elections are held regularly
people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones that i will mention now.  in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these.  d.  at least two political parties compete with each other
people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones that i will mention now.  in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these.  e.  everyone enjoys basic necessities like shelter, food, and water
people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones that i will mention now.  in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these.  f.  jobs for everyone
people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones that i will mention now.  in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these.  g.  education for everyone
people associate democracy with many different meanings such as the ones that i will mention now.  in order for a society to be called democratic, how important is each of these.  h.  a small income gap between rich and poor
people associate democracy with many diverse meanings such as the ones that i will mention now.  in order for a society to be called democratic, is each of these:  a.  majority rule
people associate democracy with many diverse meanings such as the ones that i will mention now.  in order for a society to be called democratic, is each of these.  b. complete freedom for anyone to criticize the government
people associate democracy with many diverse meanings such as the ones that i will mention now.  in order for a society to be called democratic, is each of these.  c.  regular elections
people associate democracy with many diverse meanings such as the ones that i will mention now.  in order for a society to be called democratic, is each of these.  d.  at least two political parties competing with each other
people associate democracy with many diverse meanings such as the ones that i will mention now.  in order for a society to be called democratic, is each of these.  e.  basic necessities like shelter, food, and water for everyone
people associate democracy with many diverse meanings such as the ones that i will mention now.  in order for a society to be called democratic, is each of these.  f.  jobs for everyone
people associate democracy with many diverse meanings such as the ones that i will mention now.  in order for a society to be called democratic, is each of these.  g.  equality in education
people associate democracy with many diverse meanings such as the ones that i will mention now.  in order for a society to be called democratic, is each of these.  h.  a small income gap between rich and poor
people can join any organization they want
people have an adequate standard of living
please describe how you normally obtain cash income?  is there anything else
please tell me how common or rare you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations: a. elected leaders
please tell me how common or rare you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations: b. civil servants
please tell me how common or rare you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations: c. the police
please tell me how common or rare you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations: d. customs agents
please tell me how common or rare you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations: e. judges
please tell me how common or rare you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations: f. [country]an businessmen
please tell me how common or rare you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations: f. [country]n businessmen
please tell me how common or rare you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations: g. foreign businessmen
please tell me how common or rare you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations: h. teachers
please tell me how common or rare you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations: h. teachers        3
please tell me how common or rare you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations: i. churches
please tell me how common or rare you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations: j. women's organizations
please tell me how common or rare you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations: k. political parties
please tell me how common or rare you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations: l. unions
please tell me how common or rare you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations: m. ngos
please tell me how common you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations.   e.  judges
please tell me how common you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations.  a.  elected leaders
please tell me how common you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations.  b.  civil servants
please tell me how common you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations.  c.  the police
please tell me how common you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations.  d.  customs agents
please tell me how common you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations.  f.  [country]n businessmen
please tell me how common you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations.  g.  foreign businessmen
please tell me how common you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations.  h.  teachers
please tell me how common you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations.  i.  churches
please tell me how common you think corruption is within each of the following group or organizations.  j.  women’s organizations
please tell me how likely you think it would be that the authorities could enforce the law in each of the following situations. would it be very likely, likely, not very likely, or not at all likely? a1: what if a person like yourself committed a serious crime? how likely is it that the police would catch and charge them
please tell me how likely you think it would be that the authorities could enforce the law in each of the following situations. would it be very likely, likely, not very likely, or not at all likely? a2: if a person like youself committed a serious crime and were charged by the police? how likely is it that a court of law would convict them
please tell me how likely you think it would be that the authorities could enforce the law in each of the following situations. would it be very likely, likely, not very likely, or not at all likely? a3: what about if a person like yourself cheated and did not pay a tax that they owed the government (like a tax on income they get from      sources other than a normal salary)? how likely is it that the receiver of revenue ([country]n revenue service) would find out and penalize them
please tell me how likely you think it would be that the authorities could enforce the law in each of the following situations. would it be very likely, likely, not very likely, or not at all likely? a4: if a person like yourself were to obtain their services without paying for them (like water and electricity), how likely is that your local council would fine out and cut off their services
please tell me how likely you think it would be that the authorities could enforce the law in each of the following situations. would it be very likely, likely, not very likely, or not at all likely? a5: what if they did not pay their rates? how likely is it that your local council would cut of their services
politicians and civil servants are trying their best to look after the interests of people like me
politicians and civil servants are trying their best to look after the interests of people like me. 32
previous interview was with a:
primary sampling unit
psu
psu number
rather than protecting his friends, the president will fight corruption wherever he finds it
reasons for substitution – household 1
reasons for substitution – household 2
reasons for substitution – household 3
reasons for substitution – household 4
reasons for substitution – household 5
reasons for substitution – household 6
reasons for substitution – household 7
reference number
regarding the relationship between lesotho and [country], which of the following would you like to see happen?  (bakeng sa maqhama pakeng tsa lesotho le south afrika, ke life ho tse latelang tseo u ka ratang ho bona li etsahala?)
region
respondent number
respondent’s gender
respondent’s race
response to closing media
roughly how much do you and your spouse together earn per month
roughly how much money do you (and your spouse together) earn per month
roughly how much money do you and your spouse together earn per month
roughly how much of the last 10 km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads: graded sand or dirt roads
roughly how much of the last 10 km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads: off road
roughly how much of the last 10 km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads: ungraded dirt roads
roughly how much of the last 10km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads:              b. ungraded dirt roads
roughly how much of the last 10km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads:             b. ungraded dirt roads
roughly how much of the last 10km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads:            a. graded sand or dirt roads
roughly how much of the last 10km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads:            d. tarred or concrete
roughly how much of the last 10km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads:   d. tarred or concrete
roughly how much of the last 10km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads:  a.  graded sand or dirt roads
roughly how much of the last 10km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads:  b.  ungraded dirt roads
roughly how much of the last 10km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads:  c.  off road
roughly how much of the last 10km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads:  d.  tarred or concrete roads
roughly how much of the last 10km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads:  graded sand or dirt roads
roughly how much of the last 10km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads:  off road
roughly how much of the last 10km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads:  off road?       7
roughly how much of the last 10km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads:  tarred or concrete roads
roughly how much of the last 10km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads:  ungraded dirt roads
roughly how much of the last 10km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads: c. off road
roughly how much of the last 10km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads?  a.  graded sand or dirt roads
roughly how much of the last 10km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads?  b.  ungraded dirt roads
roughly how much of the last 10km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads?  c.  off road
roughly how much of the last 10km of your journey were spent on these different sorts of roads?  d.  tarred or concrete roads
sector
shut down newspapers, or radio, or television stations that were critical of it
since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of:  a.  your representative to the national assembly
since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of:  b.  theassemblyman or woman for this area
since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of:  b.  your representative to the state assembly
since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of:  c.  (if applicable) the chieffor this area
since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of:  c.  the governor of this state
since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of:  d.  the local government chairman or woman for this area
since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of:  e.  any judge or lawyer you have encountered
since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of:  f.  political parties
since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of: a.  the member of 26parliament for this area
since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of: a. your deputy in the national assembly
since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of: a. your member of parliament
since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of: b. the governor of this region
since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of: b. the regional commissioner of this region
since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of: c. the chairman of the local government council for this area
since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of: c. the mayor for this council area
since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of: d. any judge or lawyer you have encountered
since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of: e. political parties
since the last election, how satisfied have you been with the performance of: f. the president of the republic
some people say that we would be better off if the country was governed differently. what do you think about the following options:  c. the army should come in to govern the country
some people say that we would be better off if the country was governed differently. what do you think about the following options:  d. the most important decisions, for example on the economy, should be left to experts
some people say that we would be better off if the country was governed differently. what do you think about the following options: a. we should get rid of elections so that a strong leader can decide everything
some people say that we would be better off if the country was governed differently. what do you think about the following options: b. we should have only one political party
some people say that we would be better off if the country was governed differently. what do you think about the following options: e. all decisions should be made by a council of traditional leaders
some people say that we would be better off if the country was governed differently. what do you think about the following options?  c. the army should come in to govern the country
some people say that we would be better off if the country was governed differently. what do you think about the following options?  d. the most important decisions, for example on the economy, should be left to experts
some people say that we would be better off if the country was governed differently. what do you think about the following options?  e. all decisions should be made by a council of traditional leaders
some people say that we would be better off if the country was governed differently. what do you think about the following options? a. we should get rid of elections so that a strong leader can decide everything
some people say that we would be better off if the country was governed differently. what do you think about the following options? b. we should have only one political party
some people seem to follow what’s going on in government and public affairs most of the time, whether there’s an election going on or not.  other’s aren’t that interested.  would you say you follow what’s going on in government and public affairs
some people seem to follow what’s going on in government and public affairs most of the time, whether there’s an election going on or not.  other’s aren’t that interested.  would you say you follow what’s going on in government and public affairs?         6
some people seem to follow what’s going on in government and public affairs most of the time, whether there’s an election going on or not.  others aren’t that interested.  would you say you follow what’s going on in government and public affairs:
state
suburb
support for dismissed judges who ruled against the government
support shutting down newspapers, or radio, or television stations that were critical of it
suspended the parliament and cancelled the next elections
suspended the parliament and cancelled the next elections?       9
the [country]n constitution is inadequate and should be changed
the army should come in to govern the country
the best way to get ahead in this life is to have contacts with important people in high places
the most important decisions, for example on the economy, should be left to experts
the president's region of the country gets more government services than any other region
the president’s region of the country gets more government services than any other region
the truth and reconciliation commission (trc) was set up to contribute to the process of national unity and national reconciliation. please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree nor agree, or agree with these statements. a1: the trc initiative was important for building a united [country]n nation
the truth and reconciliation commission (trc) was set up to contribute to the process of national unity and national reconciliation. please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree nor agree, or agree with these statements. a2: national reconciliation is a natural process. it does not require any intervention
the truth and reconciliation commission (trc) was set up to contribute to the process of national unity and national reconciliation. please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree nor agree, or agree with these statements. a3: national reconciliation requires that [country]ns understand one another better
the truth and reconciliation commission (trc) was set up to contribute to the process of national unity and national reconciliation. please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree nor agree, or agree with these statements. a4: national reconciliation requires material compensation for victims of apartheid
the truth and reconciliation commission (trc) was set up to contribute to the process of national unity and national reconciliation. please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree nor agree, or agree with these statements. a5: national reconciliation requires that people forgive one another
the truth and reconciliation commission (trc) was set up to contribute to the process of national unity and national reconciliation. please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree nor agree, or agree with these statements. a6: national reconciliation requires forgetting the past
the truth and reconciliation commission (trc) was set up to contribute to the process of national unity and national reconciliation. please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree nor agree, or agree with these statements. a7:  national reconciliation requires the healing of memories
the truth and reconciliation commission (trc) was set up to contribute to the process of national unity and national reconciliation. please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree nor agree, or agree with these statements. a8:  national reconciliation requires amnesty as provided by the trc
the truth and reconciliation commission (trc) was set up to contribute to the process of national unity and national reconciliation. please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree nor agree, or agree with these statements. a9:  it is my responsibility as a citizen to contribute to the process of national reconciliation
there are many ways to govern a country.  what do you think about the following options?  a.  we should keep the present movement system
there are many ways to govern a country.  what do you think about the following options?  b.  we should have many political parties that compete in free elections
there are many ways to govern a country.  what do you think about the following options?  c.  we should get rid of elections so that a strong leader can decide everything
there are many ways to govern a country.  what do you think about the following options?  d.  we should have only one political party
there are many ways to govern a country.  what do you think about the following options?  e.  the army should come in to govern the country
there are many ways to govern a country.  what do you think about the following options?  f.  we should go back to a traditional system of government by kings and chiefs
there are many ways to govern a country.  what do you think about the following options?  g.  the most important decisions, for example, on the economy, should be left to experts
there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives? all decisions are made by a council of chiefs or elders
there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives? elections and the national assembly are abolished so that the president can decide everything
there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives? only one political party is allowed to stand for election and hold office
there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives? the army comes in to govern the country
there are many ways to manage an economy. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives: economic experts (including foreign donors and investors) make the most important decisions about our economy
there are many ways to manage an economy. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives: individuals decide for themselves what to produce and what to buy and sell
there are many ways to manage an economy. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives: people go back to the land and provide mainly for their own needs as a community
there are many ways to manage an economy. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives: the government plans the production and distribution of all goods and services
there are many ways to manage an economy. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives: wealthy [country]ns provide for the needs of their own communities
thinking of the journey here:  did you (or any of your colleagues) see a water filled river during the last 1km of your journey
thinking of the journey here:  did you (or any of your colleagues) see a water-filled dam or lake during the last 1km of your journey
thinking of the journey here:  if yes above, were all of them in working order
thinking of the journey here:  was the psu clearly sign posted along the last 10km of your journey
thinking of the journey here:  were there any stop or give way signs along the last 10km of your journey
thinking of the journey here:  were there any stop or give way signs along the last 10km of your journey?       1
thinking of the journey here:  were there any traffic lights or robots along the last 10km of your journey
thinking of the journey here: if yes to c above, were all of them in working order
thinking of the journey here: was there a water-filled dam or lake during the last 1km of your journey
thinking of the journey here: was there a water-filled river during the last 1km of your journey
thinking of the journey here: was your destination clearly sign posted along the last 10km of your journey
thinking of the journey here: were there any stop or give way signs along the last 10km of your journey
thinking of the journey here: were there any traffic lights or warden along the last 10km of your journey
this interview must be with a:
time interview ended
time interview started
time interview started         4
to what extent are _______(respondent’s identity from q82) people treated unfairly by the government
to what extent are _______(respondent’s identity from q83) people treated unfairly by the government
to what extent are _______(respondent’s identity from q83) people treated unfairly by the government? is it:
to whom do you usually turn when you are unable to get:  a.  food for your family
to whom do you usually turn when you are unable to get:  b.  water for domestic use
to whom do you usually turn when you are unable to get:  c.  schooling for children
to whom do you usually turn when you are unable to get:  d.  healthcare for your family
to whom do you usually turn when you are unable to get:  enough food to eat
to whom do you usually turn when you are unable to get: a cash income
to whom do you usually turn when you are unable to get: a. food for your family
to whom do you usually turn when you are unable to get: b. water for domestic use
to whom do you usually turn when you are unable to get: c. schooling for children
to whom do you usually turn when you are unable to get: d. medical treatment
to whom do you usually turn when you are unable to get: e. electricity for your home
to whom do you usually turn when you are unable to get: electricity in your home
to whom do you usually turn when you are unable to get: enough clean water for home use
to whom do you usually turn when you are unable to get: enough fuel to cook your food
to whom do you usually turn when you are unable to get: f. cash
to whom do you usually turn when you are unable to get: medicines or medical treatment
town or city
town or village
type of area in which interview was conducted
understanding that some [country]ans choose not to vote, let me ask you: did you vote: a. in the presidential election of may 1997
understanding that some [country]ans choose not to vote, let me ask you: did you vote: b. in the national assembly elections of july and august 1997
understanding that some [country]ans choose not to vote, let me ask you: did you vote: c: in the municipal elections of 1998 or 1999
understanding that some [country]ians choose not to vote, let me ask you:  did you vote:  a.  in the generalelections of december 1996
understanding that some [country]ians choose not to vote, let me ask you:  did you vote:  b.  in the localgovernment elections of june 1998
understanding that some [country]ns choose not to vote, let me ask you:  did you vote in the presidential election of may 1996
understanding that some [country]ns choose not to vote, let me ask you:  did you vote:  a.  in the presidential election of february 1999
understanding that some [country]ns choose not to vote, let me ask you:  did you vote:  b. in the national assembly elections of february 1999
understanding that some [country]ns choose not to vote, let me ask you:  did you vote:  c.  in the state government elections of january 1999
understanding that some [country]ns choose not to vote, let me ask you:  did you vote:  d.  in the local government elections of december 1998
understanding that some [country]ns choose not to vote, let me ask you: did you vote: a. in the presidential election of october 2000
understanding that some [country]ns choose not to vote, let me ask you: did you vote: b. in the local government (ward councilors) and national assembly elections of october 2000
understanding that some [country]ns choose not to vote, let me ask you: did you vote: c: in the neighborhood, hamlet and village council elections of 1999
urban or rural
village
village surveyed
ward
was the interview conducted:
was the roof made of
was the roof made of:
we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of [country]n rule. please tell me if the following things are worse or better now than they used to be, or about the same: equal and fair treatment for all people by government
we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of [country]n rule. please tell me if the following things are worse or better now than they used to be, or about the same: fear of being arrested when you are innocent
we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of [country]n rule. please tell me if the following things are worse or better now than they used to be, or about the same: freedom to choose who to vote for without feeling pressured
we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of [country]n rule. please tell me if the following things are worse or better now than they used to be, or about the same: freedom to join any political organization you want
we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of [country]n rule. please tell me if the following things are worse or better now than they used to be, or about the same: freedom to say what you think
we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of [country]n rule. please tell me if the following things are worse or better now than they used to be, or about the same: safety from crime and violence
we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of [country]n rule. please tell me if the following things are worse or better now than they used to be, or about the same: the ability of ordinary people to influence what government does
we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of military rule. please tell me if the following things are better or worse now than they used to be: a. people are free to say what they think
we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of military rule. please tell me if the following things are better or worse now than they used to be: b. people can join any organization they want
we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of military rule. please tell me if the following things are better or worse now than they used to be: c. each person can freely choose who to vote for without feeling pressured
we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of military rule. please tell me if the following things are better or worse now than they used to be: d. ordinary people can influence what government does
we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of military rule. please tell me if the following things are better or worse now than they used to be: e. everybody is treated equally and fairly by the government
we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of military rule. please tell me if the following things are better or worse now than they used to be: f. people have an adequate standard of living
we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of military rule. please tell me if the following things are worse or better now than they used to be, or about the same: equal and fair treatment for all people by government
we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of military rule. please tell me if the following things are worse or better now than they used to be, or about the same: fear of being arrested when you are innocent
we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of military rule. please tell me if the following things are worse or better now than they used to be, or about the same: freedom to choose who to vote for without feeling pressured
we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of military rule. please tell me if the following things are worse or better now than they used to be, or about the same: freedom to join any political organization you want
we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of military rule. please tell me if the following things are worse or better now than they used to be, or about the same: freedom to say what you think
we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of military rule. please tell me if the following things are worse or better now than they used to be, or about the same: safety from crime and violence
we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of military rule. please tell me if the following things are worse or better now than they used to be, or about the same: the ability of ordinary people to influence what government does
we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of one party rule. please tell me if the following things are better or worse now than they used to be: a. people are free to say what they think
we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of one party rule. please tell me if the following things are better or worse now than they used to be: b. people can join any organization they want
we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of one party rule. please tell me if the following things are better or worse now than they used to be: c. each person can freely choose who to vote for without feeling pressured
we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of one party rule. please tell me if the following things are better or worse now than they used to be: d. ordinary people can influence what government does
we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of one party rule. please tell me if the following things are better or worse now than they used to be: e. everybody is treated equally and fairly by the government
we are going to compare our present system of government with the former system of one party rule. please tell me if the following things are better or worse now than they used to be: f. people have an adequate standard of living
we are not going to discuss how you rate different forms of government  i would like you to give marks out of 10.  the best form of governing a country gets 10 out of 10 and the worst form of governing a country gets no        marks at all.  what grade would you give to:  c.  the political system of this country as you expect it to be in 10 years time
we are not going to discuss how you rate different forms of government  i would like you to give marks out of 10.  the best form of governing a country gets 10 out of 10 and the worst form of governing a country gets no marks at all.  what grade would you give to:  a.  the previous system of government
we are not going to discuss how you rate different forms of government  i would like you to give marks out of 10.  the best form of governing a country gets 10 out of 10 and the worst form of governing a country gets no marks at all.  what grade would you give to:  b.  the present system of government
we are now going to compare our present market economy with the economic system a few years ago. please tell me if the following things are worse or better now than they used to be, or about the same: people’s standard of living
we are now going to compare our present market economy with the economic system a few years ago. please tell me if the following things are worse or better now than they used to be, or about the same: the availability of goods
we are now going to compare our present market economy with the economic system a few years ago. please tell me if the following things are worse or better now than they used to be, or about the same: the availability of job opportunities
we are now going to compare our present market economy with the economic system a few years ago. please tell me if the following things are worse or better now than they used to be, or about the same: the gap between the rich and the poor
we are now going to compare our present market economy with the economic system a few years ago. please tell me if the following things are worse or better now than they used to be, or about the same: the security of property from seizure by the government
we are now going to discuss how much you like different kinds of government  i would like you to give marks out of ten. let us say that the best government gets 10 out of 10 and the worst kind of government gets only 1 out of 10.  what mark would you give to:  a.  our present system of government with free elections and many parties
we are now going to discuss how much you like different kinds of government  i would like you to give marks out of ten. let us say that the best government gets 10 out of 10 and the worst kind of government gets only 1 out of 10.  what mark would you give to:  b.  the former system of military rule
we are now going to discuss how much you like different kinds of government  i would like you to give marks out of ten. let us say that the best government gets 10 out of 10 and the worst kind of government gets only 1 out of 10.  what mark would you give to:  c.  the former colonial system (that is, when the british ruled)
we are now going to discuss how much you like different kinds of government  i would like you to give marks out of ten. let us say that the best government gets 10 out of 10 and the worst kind of government gets only 1 out of 10.  what mark would you give to:  d.  the old system of government by traditional rulers
we are now going to discuss how much you like different kinds of government  i would like you to give marks out of ten. let us say that the best government gets 10 out of 10 and the worst kind of government gets only 1 out of 10.  what mark would you give to:  e.  the system of government that you expect [country] to have in five years time
we are now going to discuss how much you like different kinds of government  i would like you to givemarks out of ten. let us say that the best government gets 10 out of 10 and the worst kind of government gets a markof only one.  what grade would you give to:  our present system of governing with free elections and many parties
we are now going to discuss how much you like different kinds of government  i would like you to givemarks out of ten. let us say that the best government gets 10 out of 10 and the worst kind of government gets a markof only one.  what grade would you give to:  the former system of military rule (that is, the pndc)
we are now going to discuss how much you like different kinds of government  i would like you to givemarks out of ten. let us say that the best government gets 10 out of 10 and the worst kind of government gets a markof only one.  what grade would you give to:  the old colonial system (that is when the british ruled)
we are now going to discuss how much you like different kinds of government  i would like you to givemarks out of ten. let us say that the best government gets 10 out of 10 and the worst kind of government gets a markof only one.  what grade would you give to:  the system of governing that you expect [country] to have in five yearstime
we are now going to discuss how much you like different kinds of government  i would like you to givemarks out of ten. let us say that the best government gets 10 out of 10 and the worst kind of government gets a markof only one.  what grade would you give to:  the traditional system of government by chiefs
we are now going to discuss how much you like different kinds of government i would like you to give marks out of ten. let us say that the best government gets 10 out of 10 and the worst government gets 1 out of 10. what mark would you give to:  a. our present system of government with free elections and many parties
we are now going to discuss how much you like different kinds of government i would like you to give marks out of ten. let us say that the best government gets 10 out of 10 and the worst government gets 1 out of 10. what mark would you give to:  b. the former system of one party rule
we are now going to discuss how much you like different kinds of government i would like you to give marks out of ten. let us say that the best government gets 10 out of 10 and the worst government gets 1 out of 10. what mark would you give to:  our present system of government with free elections and many parties
we are now going to discuss how much you like different kinds of government i would like you to give marks out of ten. let us say that the best government gets 10 out of 10 and the worst government gets 1 out of 10. what mark would you give to:  the former colonial system (that is, when the french ruled)
we are now going to discuss how much you like different kinds of government i would like you to give marks out of ten. let us say that the best government gets 10 out of 10 and the worst government gets 1 out of 10. what mark would you give to:  the former system of one party rule
we are now going to discuss how much you like different kinds of government i would like you to give marks out of ten. let us say that the best government gets 10 out of 10 and the worst government gets 1 out of 10. what mark would you give to:  the old system of government by traditional rulers
we are now going to discuss how much you like different kinds of government i would like you to give marks out of ten. let us say that the best government gets 10 out of 10 and the worst government gets 1 out of 10. what mark would you give to:  the system of government that you expect [country] to have in five years time
we are now going to discuss how much you like different kinds of government i would like you to give marks out of ten. let us say that the best government gets 10 out of 10 and the worst government gets 1 out of 10. what mark would you give to: c.  the former colonial system (that is, when the british ruled)
we are now going to discuss how much you like different kinds of government i would like you to give marks out of ten. let us say that the best government gets 10 out of 10 and the worst government gets 1 out of 10. what mark would you give to: d. the old system of government by traditional rulers
we are now going to discuss how much you like different kinds of government i would like you to give marks out of ten. let us say that the best government gets 10 out of 10 and the worst government gets 1 out of 10. what mark would you give to: e. the system of government that you expect [country] to have in five years time
we are now going to discuss how you rate different forms of government  i would like you to give marks out of 10.  the best form of governing a country gets 10 out of 10 and the worst form of governing a country gets no marks at all.  what grade would you give to:  a.  the way the country was governed under the military government
we are now going to discuss how you rate different forms of government  i would like you to give marks out of 10.  the best form of governing a country gets 10 out of 10 and the worst form of governing a country gets no marks at all.  what grade would you give to:  a.  the way the country was governed under the one party regime o f kaunda
we are now going to discuss how you rate different forms of government  i would like you to give marks out of 10.  the best form of governing a country gets 10 out of 10 and the worst form of governing a country gets no marks at all.  what grade would you give to:  b.  our current system of government with regular elections where everyone can vote and there are at least two political parties
we are now going to discuss how you rate different forms of government  i would like you to give marks out of 10.  the best form of governing a country gets 10 out of 10 and the worst form of governing a country gets no marks at all.  what grade would you give to:  c.  the political system of this country as you expect it to be in 10 years time
we have spoken to many [country]ans and they have all described themselves in different ways.  some people describe themselves in terms of their language, religion, race, and others describe themselves in economic terms, such as working class, middle class, or a farmer.  besides being [country]an which specific group to do you feel you belong to first and foremost
we have spoken to many [country]ans and they have all described themselves in different ways.  some people describe themselves in terms of their language, religion, race, and others describe themselves in economic terms, such as working class, middle class, or a farmer.  besides being [country]an, which specific group to do you feel you belong to first and foremost
we have spoken to many [country]ans and they have all described themselves in different ways. some people describe themselves in terms of their language, ethnic group, religion or gender and others describe themselves in economic terms, such as working class, middle class or a farmer. besides being [country]an, which specific group do you feel you belong to first and foremost
we have spoken to many [country]ns and they have all described themselves in different ways.  some people describe themselves in terms of their language, ethnic group, or religion, and others describe themselves in economic terms, such as working class, middle class, or a farmer.  besides being [country]n, which specific group to do you feel you belong to first and foremost
we have spoken to many [country]ns and they have all described themselves in different ways.  some people describe themselves in terms of their language, religion, race, and others describe themselves in economic terms, such as working class, middle class, or a farmer.  besides being [country]n, which specific group do you feel you belong to first and foremost
we have spoken to many [country]ns and they have all described themselves in different ways.  some people describe themselves in terms of their language, religion, race, and others describe themselves in economic terms, such as working class, middle class, or a farmer.  besides being [country]n, which specific group to do you feel you belong to first and foremost
we have spoken to many [country]ns and they have all described themselves in different ways.  some people describe themselves in terms of their language, religion, race, and others describe themselves in economic terms, such as working class, middle class, or a farmer.  besides being a [country]n, which specific group do you feel you belong to first and foremost
we have spoken to many [country]ns and they have all described themselves in different ways.  some people describe themselves in terms of their region, language, ethnic group, religion, or gender.  others describe themselves in economic terms, such as working class, middle class, or according to their occupation (e.g. a farmer or a housewife).  besides being [country]n, which specific group do you feel you belong to first and foremost
we have spoken to many [country]ns and they have all described themselves in different ways. some people describe themselves in terms of their language, ethnic group, religion or gender and others describe themselves in economic terms, such as working class, middle class or a farmer. besides being [country]n, which specific group do you feel you belong to first and foremost
we have spoken to many [nationality] and they have all described themselves in different ways.  some people describe themselves in terms of their language, religion, race, and others describe themselves in economic terms, such as working class, middle class, or a farmer.  besides being [nationality], which specific group to do you feel you belong to first and foremost
we have spoken to many people in botswana and they have all described themselves in different ways.  some people describe themselves in terms of their language, religion, race, and others describe themselves in economic terms, such as working class, middle class, or a farmer.  besides being a citizen of botswana which specific group to do you feel you belong to first and foremost
we know that some people obey the law and others do not.  in your opinion, how often do [country]iansbreak the law by engaging in the following acts?  a.  throwing rubbish in public places
we know that some people obey the law and others do not.  in your opinion, how often do [country]iansbreak the law by engaging in the following acts?  b.  disregarding traffic signs and traffic lights
we know that some people obey the law and others do not.  in your opinion, how often do [country]iansbreak the law by engaging in the following acts?  c.  selling goods without a trader’s licence
we know that some people obey the law and others do not.  in your opinion, how often do [country]iansbreak the law by engaging in the following acts?  d.  not paying for services like piped water
we know that some people obey the law and others do not.  in your opinion, how often do [country]iansbreak the law by engaging in the following acts?  e.  evading income taxes
we know that some people obey the law and others do not.  in your opinion, how often do [country]iansbreak the law by engaging in the following acts?  f.  offering bribes to public servants
we know that some people obey the law and others do not.  in your opinion, how often do [country]ns break the law by engaging in the following acts?  a.  throwing rubbish in public places
we know that some people obey the law and others do not.  in your opinion, how often do [country]ns break the law by engaging in the following acts?  b.  disregarding traffic signs and traffic lights
we know that some people obey the law and others do not.  in your opinion, how often do [country]ns break the law by engaging in the following acts?  c.  selling goods without a trader’s licence
we know that some people obey the law and others do not.  in your opinion, how often do [country]ns break the law by engaging in the following acts?  d.  not paying for services like piped water
we know that some people obey the law and others do not.  in your opinion, how often do [country]ns break the law by engaging in the following acts?  e.  evading income taxes
we know that some people obey the law and others do not.  in your opinion, how often do [country]ns break the law by engaging in the following acts?  f.  offering bribes to public servants
we know that some people obey the law and others do not. in your opinion, how often do [country]ans break the law by engaging in the following acts? a. throwing rubbish in public places
we know that some people obey the law and others do not. in your opinion, how often do [country]ans break the law by engaging in the following acts? b. disregarding traffic signs and traffic lights
we know that some people obey the law and others do not. in your opinion, how often do [country]ans break the law by engaging in the following acts? c. selling goods without a trader's license
we know that some people obey the law and others do not. in your opinion, how often do [country]ans break the law by engaging in the following acts? d. not paying for services like piped water
we know that some people obey the law and others do not. in your opinion, how often do [country]ans break the law by engaging in the following acts? e. evading income taxes
we know that some people obey the law and others do not. in your opinion, how often do [country]ans break the law by engaging in the following acts? f. offering bribes to public servants
we know that some people obey the law and others do not. in your opinion, how often do [country]ns break tdhe law by engaging in the following acts: c. selling goods without a trader's license
we know that some people obey the law and others do not. in your opinion, how often do [country]ns break the law by engaging in the following acts: a. throwing rubbish in public places
we know that some people obey the law and others do not. in your opinion, how often do [country]ns break the law by engaging in the following acts: b. disregarding traffic signs and traffic lights
we know that some people obey the law and others do not. in your opinion, how often do [country]ns break the law by engaging in the following acts: d. not paying for services like piped water
we know that some people obey the law and others do not. in your opinion, how often do [country]ns break the law by engaging in the following acts: e. evading income taxes
we know that some people obey the law and others do not. in your opinion, how often do [country]ns break the law by engaging in the following acts: f. offering bribes to public servants
we should get rid of elections so that a strong leader can decide everything
we should have only one political party
we would like to remind you that your responses to this interview are confidential.  here is a list of action ordinary people are taking in a political system.  for each of these, please tell me whether you have engaged in this activity or not?  a.  claim government benefits to which you are not entitled (like a pension, maintenance, or unemployment payment)
we would like to remind you that your responses to this interview are confidential.  here is a list of action ordinary people are taking in a political system.  for each of these, please tell me whether you have engaged in this activity or not?  b.  avoid paying development levy or property taxes
we would like to remind you that your responses to this interview are confidential.  here is a list of action ordinary people are taking in a political system.  for each of these, please tell me whether you have engaged in this activity or not?  b.  avoid paying municipal or local rates
we would like to remind you that your responses to this interview are confidential.  here is a list of action ordinary people are taking in a political system.  for each of these, please tell me whether you have engaged in this activity or not?  c.  avoid paying income taxes
we would like to remind you that your responses to this interview are confidential.  here is a list of action ordinary people are taking in a political system.  for each of these, please tell me whether you have engaged in this activity or not?  d.  get services like electricity or water without paying for them
we would like to remind you that your responses to this interview are confidential.  here is a list of action ordinary people are taking in a political system.  for each of these, please tell me whether you have engaged in this activity or not?  d.  get services like water and electricity without paying
we would like to remind you that your responses to this interview are confidential.  here is a list of action ordinary people are taking in a political system.  for each of these, please tell me whether you have engaged in this activity or not?  d.  get services like water and electricity without paying for them
we would like to remind you that your responses to this interview are confidential.  here is a list of actions ordinary people are taking in a political system.  for each of these, please tell me whether you have engaged in this activity or not?  a.  have you ever claimed government benefits to which you are not entitled (like a pension, maintenance, or unemployment payment)
we would like to remind you that your responses to this interview are confidential.  here is a list of actions ordinary people are taking in a political system.  for each of these, please tell me whether you have engaged in this activity or not?  b.  not pay rates
we would like to remind you that your responses to this interview are confidential.  here is a list of actions ordinary people are taking in a political system.  for each of these, please tell me whether you have engaged in this activity or not?  if yes-read out options 1-3.  if no-read out options 4-5.  a.  claim government benefits to which you are not entitled (like a pension, maintenance, or unemployment payment)
we would like to remind you that your responses to this interview are confidential.  here is a list of actions ordinary people are taking in a political system.  for each of these, please tell me whether you have engaged in this activity or not?  if yes-read out options 1-3.  if no-read out options 4-5.  b.  avoid paying development levy or property taxes
we would like to remind you that your responses to this interview are confidential.  here is a list of actions ordinary people are taking in a political system.  for each of these, please tell me whether you have engaged in this activity or not?  if yes-read out options 1-3.  if no-read out options 4-5.  b.  avoid paying service levy or rates
we would like to remind you that your responses to this interview are confidential.  here is a list of actions ordinary people are taking in a political system.  for each of these, please tell me whether you have engaged in this activity or not?  if yes-read out options 1-3.  if no-read out options 4-5.  c.  avoid paying income taxes
we would like to remind you that your responses to this interview are confidential.  here is a list of actions ordinary people are taking in a political system.  for each of these, please tell me whether you have engaged in this activity or not?  if yes-read out options 1-3.  if no-read out options 4-5.  d.  get services like electricity or water without paying for them
were the following services present in the primary sampling unit or sector: any churches, mosques, temples or other places of worship
were the following services present in the primary sampling unit or sector: any town halls or community buildings that can be used for meetings
were the following services present in the primary sampling unit or sector: bottle store or bar or beer parlour
were the following services present in the primary sampling unit or sector: cafes or eating places or corner shops
were the following services present in the primary sampling unit or sector: electricity grid that most houses could access
were the following services present in the primary sampling unit or sector: health clinic
were the following services present in the primary sampling unit or sector: market stalls (selling groceries and or or clothing)
were the following services present in the primary sampling unit or sector: petrol station
were the following services present in the primary sampling unit or sector: piped water system that most houses could access
were the following services present in the primary sampling unit or sector: police station
were the following services present in the primary sampling unit or sector: post-office
were the following services present in the primary sampling unit or sector: railway station
were the following services present in the primary sampling unit or sector: recreational facilities for e.g. a sports field
were the following services present in the primary sampling unit or sector: regular bus or taxi service
were the following services present in the primary sampling unit or sector: school
were the following services present in the primary sampling unit or sector: sewage system that most houses could access
were the following services present in the primary sampling unit or sector: supermarket (food and or or clothing)
were there any other adults immediately present who might be listening during the interview
were there any other people  immediately present who might be listening during the interview
were there any other people immediately present who might be listening during the interview
were there any other people immediately present who might be listening during the interview?         47
were there any other people immediately present who might be listening during the interview?  a.  no one present
were there any other people immediately present who might be listening during the interview?  b.  spouse present
were there any other people immediately present who might be listening during the interview?  c.  children only present
were there any other people immediately present who might be listening during the interview?  d.  a few others present
were there any other people present who might be listening during the interview
were you approached by community  or party representatives
were you approached by community and or or political party representatives
were you approached by community and or or political representatives
were you approached by community and, or political party representatives
were you approached by community or party representatives
were you physically threatened during the interview
were you physically threatened during the interview?          48
what about corruption, that is where leaders take money intended for the community and use it for themselves?  how many chiefs or traditional leaders are involved in corruption?  is it:
what about corruption, that is where leaders take money intended for the community and use it for themselves?  how many chiefs or traditional leaders are involved in corruption?  is it:        5
what about corruption?  (corruption is where those in government and the civil service take money or gifts from the people and use it for themselves, or expect people to pay them extra money or a gift to do their job).  how many officials in the government do you think are involved in corruption
what about corruption?  (corruption is where those in government and the civil service take money or gifts from the people and use it for themselves, or expect people to pay them extra money or a gift to do their job).  how many officials in the nujoma administration do you think are involved in corruption
what about corruption?  how many officials in your local government do you think are involved in corruption
what about corruption?  how many people in parliament do you think are involved in corruption
what about corruption?  how many people in parliament do you think are involved in corruption?         7
what about corruption?  how many people in parliament do you think are involved in corruption? is it:
what about in twelve months time?  do you expect economic conditions in [country] to be worse, the same, or better than they are now
what about in twelve months time?  do you expect economic conditions in botswana to be worse, the same, or better than they are now
what about in twelve months time?  do you expect economic conditions in lesotho to be worse, the same, or better than they are now
what about the following institutions?  how much of the time can you trust them to do what is right?  a.  [country] army
what about the following institutions?  how much of the time can you trust them to do what is right?  a.  [country]n defence force
what about the following institutions?  how much of the time can you trust them to do what is right?  a.  the army
what about the following institutions?  how much of the time can you trust them to do what is right?  b.  [country] police
what about the following institutions?  how much of the time can you trust them to do what is right?  b.  [country]n police service
what about the following institutions?  how much of the time can you trust them to do what is right?  b.  the police
what about the following institutions?  how much of the time can you trust them to do what is right?  c.  courts of law
what about the following institutions?  how much of the time can you trust them to do what is right?  c1.  what about the overall criminal justice system
what about the following institutions?  how much of the time can you trust them to do what is right?  d.  electoral commission
what about the following institutions?  how much of the time can you trust them to do what is right?  d.  independent electoral commission
what about the following institutions?  how much of the time can you trust them to do what is right?  d.  supervisory electoral commission
what about the following institutions?  how much of the time can you trust them to do what is right?  e.  [country] broadcasting corporation
what about the following institutions?  how much of the time can you trust them to do what is right?  e.  [country]n broadcasting corporation
what about the following institutions?  how much of the time can you trust them to do what is right?  e.  lesotho broadcasting corporation
what about the following institutions?  how much of the time can you trust them to do what is right?  e.  the department of information and broadcasting corporation
what about the following institutions?  how much of the time can you trust them to do what is right?  f.  government press or newspapers
what about the following institutions?  how much of the time can you trust them to do what is right?  f.  newspapers
what about the following institutions?  how much of the time can you trust them to do what is right?  f.  press or newspapers
what about the following institutions?  how much of the time can you trust them to do what is right?  g.  independent press or newspapers
what about the following institutions?  how much of the time can you trust them to do what is right?  g. independent press or newspapers
what about the overall direction of the country? would you say that the country is :
what about the way parliament has performed its job over the past twelve months?  do you:
what about the way premier ______ has performed his job over the past twelve months? do you:
what about the way president has performed his job over the past twelve months?  do you:
what about the way president nujoma has performed his job over the past twelve months?  do you:
what about the way the _____ government has performed its job over the past twelve months? do you:
what about the way the president has performed his job over the past twelve months?  do you:
what about the way the president mbeki has performed his job over the past twelve months?  do you:
what about the way your local government has performed its job over the past twelve months?  do you:
what about you?  describe how you currently obtain the food you and your family eat each month?  is there anything else
what about your life today is better, about the same, or worse than it was under apartheid
what are the most important problems facing this country that the government should address
what are the most important problems facing this country that the government should address?  which of these is most important?  place 1 next to most important problem
what are the most important problems facing this country that the government should address?  which of these is most important. place 1 next to most important problem
what are the most important things that need to be changed about the way we govern our country
what effect do you think esap has had on the way you live your life?  has it made it worse, had no effect, or made it better, or haven’t you heard enough about this to say
what effect do you think gear has on the way you live your life? has it made it worse, had no effect, or made it better, or haven’t you heard enough about this to say
what effect do you think it has had on the way you live your life? has it made it worse, had no effect, or made it better, or haven’t you heard enough about this to say
what effect do you think it has on the way you live your life? has it made it worse, had no effect, or made it better, or haven’t you heard enough about this to say
what if anything would you do about it
what in your opinion is a deputy to the national assembly supposed to do
what in your opinion is a member of parliament supposed to do
what is anything would you do about it
what is the highest level of education you have completed
what is the highest level of education you have completed?          43
what is the respondent’s gender
what is the single most important problem facing this country that the government should address
what is you home language
what is your age
what is your gender
what is your home language
what is your main occupation
what is your main occupation? (if unemployed, what was your last main occupation?)
what is your marital status? (boemo ba lenyalo la hao?)
what is your monthly income? (moputso oa hau oa khoeli ke bo kae (haufinyane le lekholo)?)
what is your opinion about the intervention of [country] in august 1998?  (maikutlo a hau ke afe ka ho kena lipakeng ha afrika boroa ka loetse 1998?)
what is your opinion about the job performance of the interim political authority? (maikutlo a hau ke afe ka mosebetsi oa lekhotlana la nakoana la lipolitiki?)
what is your opinion of the 1998 protests? (maikutlo a hao ke afe ka boipelaetso bo entsoeng ke mekha ea bohanyetsi ka 1998?)
what is your overall assessment of the performance of the current government
what is your overall assessment of the performance of the present ndc government
what is your present occupation or last occupation if unemployed
what is your religion, if any
what kind of consequences
what kind of rewards
what proportion of the country’s problems do you think the government can solve
what proportion of the questions do you feel the respondent had difficulty answering
what should a person do who is waiting for a government permit if a government official says "just be patient?"
what should a person do who is waiting for a government permit if a government official says "just be patient?"         2
what type of official was it
what type of person was this
what was the highest grade, standard or form you completed
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview: at ease, in between, or suspicious?         47
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview: cooperative, in between, or uncooperative
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview: friendly, in between, or hostile
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview: honest, in between, or misleading
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview: interested, in between, or bored
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview: patient, in between, or impatient
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview?  a.  friendly or hostile
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview?  at ease or suspicious
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview?  b.  interested or bored
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview?  c.  cooperative or uncooperative
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview?  cooperative or uncooperative
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview?  d.  patient or impatient
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview?  e.  at ease or suspicious
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview?  f.  honest or misleading
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview?  friendly or hostile
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview?  honest or misleading
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview?  interested or bored
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview?  patient or impatient
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview? was he or she: at ease, in between, or suspicious
what was the roof made of
what was the roof made of:
what would you do if the government took any of the following actions:  a.  told you which religion you had to follow
what would you do if the government took any of the following actions:  a.  told you which religion youhad to follow
what would you do if the government took any of the following actions:  b.  stopped you from traveling freely within the country
what would you do if the government took any of the following actions:  b.  stopped you from travelingfreely within the country
what would you do if the government took any of the following actions:  c.  shut down newspapers that criticized the government
what would you do if the government took any of the following actions:  c.  shut down newspapers thatcriticized the government
what would you do if the government took any of the following actions:  d.  dismissed judges who ruled against the government
what would you do if the government took any of the following actions:  d.  dismissed judges who ruledagainst the government
what would you do if the government took any of the following actions:  e.  suspended the national assembly and canceled the next elections
what would you do if the government took any of the following actions:  e.  suspended the parliamentand canceled the next elections
what would you do if the government took any of the following actions: a. told you which religion you had to follow
what would you do if the government took any of the following actions: b. stopped you from traveling freely within the country
what would you do if the government took any of the following actions: c. shut down newspapers that criticized the government
what would you do if the government took any of the following actions: d. dismissed judges who ruled against the government
what would you do if the government took any of the following actions: e. suspended the national assembly (parliament) and canceled the next elections
what would you do if you were waiting for a government permit or license, but kept encountering delays
what, if anything, do you understand by the word “democracy”?  what comes to your mind when you hear the word
what, if anything, does democracy mean to you
what, in your opinion , is the economic recovery programme supposed to do
what, in your opinion ,is the structural adjustment programme supposed to do
what, in your opinion, is the structural adjustment programme supposed to do
when you get together with your friends, would you say you discuss political matter
when you get together with your friends, would you say you discuss political matters…
when you hear the term “political party,” what is the first thing that comes to your mind
when you hear the word “democracy,” what is the first thing that comes to your mind
when you hear the word democracy, what is the first thing that comes to your mind
when you look at your life today, how satisfied do you feel compared with five years ago
when you look at your life today, how satisfied do you feel compared with one year ago
when you look forward at your life’s prospects, how satisfied do you expect to be in one year’s time
when you voted for an m.p., did you vote for an individual or for the political party that he or she belongsto
when you voted for the national assembly, did you vote for an individual or for a political party
where was the interview conducted:
which [country]ian language do you speak most often
which [country]n language do you speak most often
which [country]n language is your home language
which group do you mean
which group is that?  (if one group is answered)
which language or s was the interview conducted in
which languages was the interview conducted in
which minority
which of the following statements best describes what you will do in the upcoming referendum
which of the following statements is closest to your own opinion? a.  democracy is preferable to any other form of government b.  in certain situations, a non-democratic government can be preferable. c.  to people like me, it doesn’t matter what form of government we have
which of the following statements is closest to your own opinion?a.  democracy is preferable to any other form of governmentb.  in certain situations, a non-democratic government can be preferable to a democratic one.c.  to people like me, it doesn’t matter what form of government we have
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement a or statement b.     a: all people should be permitted to vote, even if they do not fully understand all the issues in an election. b: only those who are sufficiently well educated should be allowed to choose our leaders
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement a or statement b.     a: as citizens, we should be more active in questioning the actions of our leaders. b: in our country these days, there is not enough respect for authority
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement a or statement b.     a: each person should put the well-being of the community ahead of their own interests. b: everybody should be free to pursue what is best for themselves as individuals
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement a or statement b.     a: in order to make decisions in our community, we should talk until everyone agrees. b: since we will never agree on everything, we must learn to accept differences of opinion within our community
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement a or statement b.     a: it is alright to have large differences of wealth because those who work hard deserve to be rewarded. b: we should avoid large gaps between the rich and the poor because they create jealousy and conflict
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement a or statement b.     a: it is better to have wealthy people as leaders because they can help provide for the community.  b: it is better to have ordinary people as leaders because they understand our needs
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement a or statement b.     a: women have always been subject to traditional laws and customs, and should remain so.  b:  in our country, women should have equal rights and receive the same treatment as men do
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement a or statement b.   a: democracy is worth having simply because it allows everyone a free and equal voice in making decisions. b: democracy is only worth having if it can address everyone’s basic economic needs
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement a or statement b.  a: all civil servants should keep their jobs, even if paying their salaries is costly to the country. b: the government cannot afford so many public employees and should lay some of them off
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement a or statement b.  a: it is a good idea to import affordable goods from other countries, even if some of our own producers are forced out of business.  b: we must protect producers within our own country by imposing tariffs that make imported goods more expensive
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement a or statement b.  a: it is better for everyone to have a job even if this means that average wages are low.  b: it is better to have higher wages, even if this means that some people have to go without a job
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement a or statement b.  a: it is better for private traders to handle agricultural marketing, even if some farmers get left out.  b: it is better for government to buy and sell crops, even if some farmers are served late
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement a or statement b.  a: it is better to have free schooling for our children, even if the quality of education is low. b: it is better to raise educational standards, even if we have to pay school fees
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement a or statement b.  a: the costs of reforming the economy are too high; the government should therefore abandon its current economic policies.  b: in order for the economy to get better in the future, it is necessary for us to accept some hardships now
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement a or statement b.  a: the government must abide by the law in acquiring any property, including paying the owners. b: in order to develop the country, the government should have the power to seize property without compensation
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement a or statement b.  a: the government’s economic policies have helped most people; only a few have suffered. b: the government’s economic policies have hurt most people and only benefited a few
which of the following statements is closest to your views? choose statement a or statement b a: our present system of elected government should be given more time to deal with inherited problems. b: if our present system cannot produce results soon, we should try another form of government
which of the following statements is closest to your views? choose statement a or statement b a: our present system of elected government should be given more time to deal with inherited problems. b: if our present system cannot produce results soon, we should try another form of government         19
which of the following statements is closest to your views? choose statement a or statement b.   a: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in [country]. b: many political parties are needed to make sure that [country]ns have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your views? choose statement a or statement b.   a: the president of [country] should be able to serve as many terms in office as he wishes. b: in [country], the president must obey the constitution, including serving no more than two terms in office
which of the following statements is closest to your views? choose statement a or statement b.  a: the members of the national assembly represent the people; therefore they should make laws for this country, even if the president does not agree. b: since the president represents all of us, he should pass laws without worrying about what the national assembly thinks
which of these statements is closest to your view? choose statement a or statement b.  a: the government should devote many more resources to combating aids, even if this means that less money is spent on things like education. b: there are many other problems facing this country beside aids; even if people are dying in large numbers, the government needs to keep its focus on solving other problems
which of these three statements is closest to your  own opinion
which of these three statements is closest to your  own opinion: a. democracy is preferable to any other form of government, b. in certain situations, a non-democratic government can be preferable, c. to people like me, it doesn’t matter what form of government we have
which of these three statements is closest to your own opinion?     a.  democracy is preferable to any other form of government b.  in certain circumstances, a non-democratic government can be preferable. c.  to people like me, it doesn’t matter what form of government we have
which of these three statements is closest to your own opinion?  a: a market economy is preferable to an economy run by the government b: a government-run economy is preferable to a market economy. c: for someone like me, it doesn’t matter what kind of economic system we have
which of these three statements is closest to your own opinion?  a: a market economy is preferable to an economy run by the government b: a government-run economy is preferable to a market economy. c: for someone like me, it doesn’t matter what kind of economic system we have.         11
which of these three statements is closest to your own opinion?  a: democracy is preferable to any other kind of government b: in some circumstances, a non-democratic government can be preferable. c: for someone like me, it doesn’t matter what kind of government we have
which of these three statements is closest to your own opinion?  a: more revenue from oil should go to the communities in the states where oil is produced. b: more revenue from oil should go to the federal government for the use of all [country]ns
which office(s) or agency(ies) did the official work for
which one
which one(s)
which party is that
which region
which services
who do you think sent us to do this interview
who promised
who would do you turn for help to resolve a violent conflict between different group in this country
who would you turn for help to resolve a violent conflict between different group in this country
why not
with regard to the most recent, 1994 national elections, which statement is true for you
with regard to the most recent, 1996 national elections, which statement is true for you
with regard to the most recent, 1998 national elections, which statement is true for you
with regard to the most recent, 1999 national elections, which statement is true for you
with which of these statements are you most in agreement?  a, b, or c?   a.  democracy is preferable to any other form of government b.  in some circumstances, a non-democratic government can be preferable to a democratic government c.  for someone like me, a democratic or non-democratic regime makes no difference
would that be:
would you say that your own living conditions are worse than, the same as, or better than other [country]ns
would you say that your own living conditions are worse, the same, or better than other [country]ans
would you say that your own living conditions are worse, the same, or better than other [country]ns
you have told us how you feel about the effectiveness of the way government performs its job, its interest in what you think, corruption, and your trust in government  but how does this compare to the government that this       country had before under the one party regime of kaunda?  is government of today more, about the same, or less as under the one party regime of kaunda?  c.  corrupt
you have told us how you feel about the effectiveness of the way government performs its job, its interest in what you think, corruption, and your trust in government  but how does this compare to the government that this country had before under [country]n rule?  is government of today more, about the same, or less _______ as under [country]n rule?  a.  effective in the way it performs its job
you have told us how you feel about the effectiveness of the way government performs its job, its interest in what you think, corruption, and your trust in government  but how does this compare to the government that this country had before under [country]n rule?  is government of today more, about the same, or less _______ as under [country]n rule?  b.  interested in hearing what people like you think
you have told us how you feel about the effectiveness of the way government performs its job, its interest in what you think, corruption, and your trust in government  but how does this compare to the government that this country had before under [country]n rule?  is government of today more, about the same, or less _______ as under [country]n rule?  c.  corrupt
you have told us how you feel about the effectiveness of the way government performs its job, its interest in what you think, corruption, and your trust in government  but how does this compare to the government that this country had before under [country]n rule?  is government of today more, about the same, or less _______ as under [country]n rule?  d.  trustworthy
you have told us how you feel about the effectiveness of the way government performs its job, its interest in what you think, corruption, and your trust in government  but how does this compare to the government that this country had before under apartheid?  is government of today more, about the same, or less as under apartheid?  a: effective in the way it performs its job
you have told us how you feel about the effectiveness of the way government performs its job, its interest in what you think, corruption, and your trust in government  but how does this compare to the government that this country had before under apartheid?  is government of today more, about the same, or less as under apartheid?  b.  interested in hearing what people like you think
you have told us how you feel about the effectiveness of the way government performs its job, its interest in what you think, corruption, and your trust in government  but how does this compare to the government that this country had before under apartheid?  is government of today more, about the same, or less as under apartheid?  c.  corrupt
you have told us how you feel about the effectiveness of the way government performs its job, its interest in what you think, corruption, and your trust in government  but how does this compare to the government that this country had before under apartheid?  is government of today more, about the same, or less as under apartheid?  d.  trustworthy
you have told us how you feel about the effectiveness of the way government performs its job, its interest in what you think, corruption, and your trust in government  but how does this compare to the government that this country had before under apartheid?  is government of today more, about the same, or less as under apartheid?  e. able to enforce the law
you have told us how you feel about the effectiveness of the way government performs its job, its interest in what you think, corruption, and your trust in government  but how does this compare to the government that this country had before under president leabua jonathan?  is the government of today more, about the same, or less [on each of the following] than under the government of  president leabua jonathan?  a.  effective in the way it performs its job
you have told us how you feel about the effectiveness of the way government performs its job, its interest in what you think, corruption, and your trust in government  but how does this compare to the government that this country had before under president leabua jonathan?  is the government of today more, about the same, or less [on each of the following] than under the government of  president leabua jonathan?  b.  interested in hearing what people like you think
you have told us how you feel about the effectiveness of the way government performs its job, its interest in what you think, corruption, and your trust in government  but how does this compare to the government that this country had before under president leabua jonathan?  is the government of today more, about the same, or less [on each of the following] than under the government of  president leabua jonathan?  c.  corrupt
you have told us how you feel about the effectiveness of the way government performs its job, its interest in what you think, corruption, and your trust in government  but how does this compare to the government that this country had before under president leabua jonathan?  is the government of today more, about the same, or less [on each of the following] than under the government of  president leabua jonathan?  d.  trustworthy
you have told us how you feel about the effectiveness of the way government performs its job, its interest in what you think, corruption, and your trust in government  but how does this compare to the government that this country had before under the one party regime of kaunda?  is government of today more, about the same, or less as under the one party regime of kaunda?  a.  effective in the way it performs its job
you have told us how you feel about the effectiveness of the way government performs its job, its interest in what you think, corruption, and your trust in government  but how does this compare to the government that this country had before under the one party regime of kaunda?  is government of today more, about the same, or less as under the one party regime of kaunda?  b.  interested in hearing what people like you think
you have told us how you feel about the effectiveness of the way government performs its job, its interest in what you think, corruption, and your trust in government  but how does this compare to the government that this country had before under the one party regime of kaunda?  is government of today more, about the same, or less as under the one party regime of kaunda?  d.  trustworthy
you have told us how you feel about the effectiveness of the way government performs its job, its interest in what you think, corruption, and your trust in government  but how does this compare to the government that this country had before under the one-party regime of former president banda?  is government of today more, about the same, or less _______ as under white minority rule?  c.  corrupt
you have told us how you feel about the effectiveness of the way government performs its job, its interest in what you think, corruption, and your trust in government  but how does this compare to the government that this country had before under white minority rule?  is government of today more, about the same, or less _______ as under white minority rule?  a.  effective in the way it performs its job
you have told us how you feel about the effectiveness of the way government performs its job, its interest in what you think, corruption, and your trust in government  but how does this compare to the government that this country had before under white minority rule?  is government of today more, about the same, or less _______ as under white minority rule?  b.  interested in hearing what people like you think
you have told us how you feel about the effectiveness of the way government performs its job, its interest in what you think, corruption, and your trust in government  but how does this compare to the government that this country had before under white minority rule?  is government of today more, about the same, or less _______ as under white minority rule?  c.  corrupt
you have told us how you feel about the effectiveness of the way government performs its job, its interest in what you think, corruption, and your trust in government  but how does this compare to the government that this country had before under white minority rule?  is government of today more, about the same, or less _______ as under white minority rule?  d.  trustworthy
