0-10, 96, 98-99
0-9
1-2, 99
1-21531
1-5,
1-6,98-99ValueLabels:1=VeryDissatisfied,2=Dissatisfied,3=NeitherDissatisfiedorSatisfied,4=Satisfied,5=VerySatisfied,6=Don’tKnow,98=Refused,99=Missing
75 How well has local govt. performed its job.
A few others present
A small income gap between rich and poor
Abandon economic reforms vs. accept hardships
Abandon reform because costs high VS accept hardship now
Abandon reform because costs high VS Accept hardship now
Abide by government decisions
Ability to influence government
Able to enforce the law
Access to basic necessities
Access to basic necessities?
Address problems facing the community with others?
Addressing educational needs
Adequate living standard
Adequate living standards
Adequate standard of living
Affirmative action
Age
Agricultural credit
All country born people should be treated equally.
All decisions made by economic experts rather than by govt.?
All decisions made by economic experts rather than by govt..?
All decisions made by economic experts?
All decisions made by elders, traditional leaders or chiefs.
All decisions should be made by a council of traditional rulers
All decisions should be made by a Council of traditional rulers
All family members same opinion vs each decides
All Nigerians?
All should vote vs. only the educated
All vote vs. only educated vote
All Zimbabweans should be treated equally
Alleviating poverty
Allow expression?
Allow imports vs. protect local producers
Allow people not born here to become Malian citizens
Allow people not born here to become Tanzanian citizens
Alt. methods of obtaining health care.
Alternate methods of ensuring safety of home.
Alternative methods of obtaining food.
Any household yards with crops/vegetables been grown?
Any household yards with crops/vegetables been grown?       5
Any household yards with crops/vegetables being grown?
Any household yards with crops/vegetables being grown.
Any household yards/fields containing livestock?
Any household yards/fields containing livestock.
Any household yards/fields with trees higher than one storey?
Any household yards/fields with trees higher than one storey.
Any household yards/fields with trees higher than one story?
Any stop gives way signs along last 10km of journey?
Any stop lights/give way signs along last 10km of journey?
Any stop/give way signs along last 10km of journey?
Any stop/give way signs along last 10km of journey.
Any traffic lights or robots along last 10km of journey?
Any traffic lights or robots along last 10km of journey.
Any water-filled dam or lake in last 10km of journey?
Any water-filled river in last 1km of journey.
Anyone can freely say what they think
Anyone can freely say what they think?
Anyone can freely speak their mind?
Anyone influenced the respondent during interview
Anyone is free to criticise the govt.
Anyone is free to criticize the government
Anything else significant happen during interview?
Approached by community or party
Approached by community/political representatives.
Are there any market stalls (selling food/ clothing)?
Are there any places of worship such as churches, mosques?
Are there any townhalls or community buildings that can be used for meetings?
Are there any townhalls or community buildings?
Are there cafes, corner shops?
Are there recreational facilities?
Are you close to any political party?
Area in which interview was conducted.
Army and government
Army come in
Army governed the country?
Army governs country?
Army governs the country?
Army to govern the country?
Art/educ assoc.
Assemblyman performance
Assoc. leader
At least 2 political parties competing and democracy.
At least two political parties compete
Attacked or robbed
Attend a demonstration or protest march
Attend a demonstration or protest march?
Attend a trade union?
Attend civic education meeting
Attend community meeting
Attend demonstration
Attend election rally
Attend election rally?
Attend group concerned with local matters?
Attend group that looks after the community?
Attend local commercial organization?
Attend self-help association?
Attended peaceful demonstration
Attended violent demonstration
Attends group that looks after the community?
Availability of goods
Avoid paying development levy or property taxes?
Avoid paying income taxes?
Avoid paying income taxes.
Avoid paying municipal/local rates.
Basic Necessities
Basic necessities and democracy.
Basotho are equal to each other.
Batswana are equal to each other.
Be careful what you do and say with regards to politics in this country? Values :  1-6, 98-99
Be very careful what you say/do regarding politics?
Being a part of this group is very important part of how you see yourself.
Being a SA is a very important part of how you see yourself.
Besides being Basotho, which group do you feel you belong to?
Besides being citizen of Botswana, which group do you feel you belong to?
Besides being citizen of Zimbabwe, which group do you belong to?
Besides being Malawian, which group do you feel you belong ?
Besides being Namibian, which other group do you feel close to?
Besides being South African, which group do you feel you belong to?
Besides being Zambian, which group do you feel you belong to?
Best form of government?
Best form of government?       8
Best to know people in high places
Borrow from a bank
Borrow from a community group
Borrow from a friend or relative
Borrow money from a bank
Borrow money from friends or family
Bottle store in PSU.
Bottle store/bar/beer parlour
Boycott rates, services and taxes?
Boycott rates, services, or taxes?
Bribery not common
Bribery not common among public officials
Bribery not common among public officials       9
Building house
Building your house
Buy and sell goods
Buying cocoa
Cafes or corner shops in PSU.
Cafes/eating places/corner shops
Can freely vote for anyone without being forced.
Can influence government
Can join any political organization they choose?
Can join any political organization they choose.
Can live without fear of being arrested if done nothing wrong.
Can live without fear of being arrested if innocent.
Can live without fear of unjust arrest?
Can make elected representatives listen VS do not listen
Can make elected representatives listen VS don’t listen
Can most people be trusted or should one always be careful?
Cancel elections
Cannot understand?
Care for sick household members
Careful about what you say
Careful of what say about politics
Carry a weapon
Cause of violent conflicts - 1st response
Cause of violent conflicts 2nd response
Cause of violent conflicts 3rd response
Center
Central and local government
Change economic policies?
Change economic policies? 22
Change good or bad
Change good or bad?
Charitable assoc.
Check with others?
Checked with others
Chiefs and government
children
Children <18yrs
Children identity
Children Nigerian
Children present
Children should think of themselves as Basotho.
Children should think of themselves as Batswana.
Children should think of themselves as Malawian?
Children should think of themselves as Namibians?
Children should think of themselves as South African.
Children should think of themselves as Zambian.
Children should think of themselves as Zimbabwean.
Choose between being a Malian and being a ……
Choose between being a Tanzanian and being a ……
Choose leaders through elections vs. other methods
Church assoc.
Civil servant jobs?
Civil servants keep jobs vs lay some off
Civil servants keep jobs vs. lay offs to reduce costs
Civil servants should keep jobs VS government should lay off some of them
Civil servants should keep jobs VS Government should lay off some of them
Claimed govt. benefits to which you are not entitled to?
Claimed govt. benefits to which you are not entitled?
Claimed govt.. benefits to which you are not entitled to?
Close friend or relative died of AIDS
Close to party
Close to party?
Close to political party
Colonial system
Community
Community decisions vs. accept differences
Community development association
Community should own land VS individuals own land
Community should own land VS Individuals own land
Community well-being ahead vs. own interest
Community well-being vs. individual interests
Compare to past feel less safe or more safe
Comparison of current and past govt. corruption
Comparison of current and past govt. effectiveness
Comparison of current and past govt. effectiveness       6
Comparison of current and past govt. interest in people.
Comparison of current and past govt. interest.
Comparison of current and past govt. trustworthiness
Comparison of current and past govt.. corruption
Comparison of current and past govt.. effectiveness
Comparison of current and past govt.. interest.
Comparison of current and past govt.. trustworthiness
Completed by enumerator.
Conditions better/worse
Conditions worse/better
Consequences from whom?
Constitution expresses the values and aspirations of the Malian people
Constitution expresses the values and aspirations of the Tanzanian people
Constitution expresses values
Constitution expresses values and aspirations
Constitution expresses values and aspirations of all Batswana.
Constitution expresses values and aspirations of all Malawians?
Constitution expresses values and aspirations of all Namibians?
Constitution expresses values and aspirations of all Zimbabwean people.
Constitution expresses values and aspirations of Basotho.
Constitution expresses values and aspirations of the South African people.
Constitution expresses values and aspirations of the Zambians.
Constitution is inadequate and should be changed
Contact Assemblyman
Contact chief
Contact government official
Contact government official       8
Contact influential person
Contact LC official
Contact LG Chair
Contact local government councilor
Contact MP
Contact Nat. Rep.
Contact National Assembly representative
Contact National Council representative
Contact official of a government ministry
Contact political party official
Contact Regional Councilor
contact religious leader
Contact religious leader
Contact some other influential person
Contact State Rep
Contact traditional ruler
Contacted any other influential person?
Corrugated/tiled roof
Corruption among churches
Corruption among churches/mosques
Corruption among civil servants
Corruption among customs agents
Corruption among elected leaders
Corruption among foreign businessmen
Corruption among judges
Corruption among Malian businessmen
Corruption among NGOs
Corruption among political parties
Corruption among Tanzanian businessmen
Corruption among teachers
Corruption among the police
Corruption among unions
Corruption among women's organizations
Corruption churches
Corruption civil servants
Corruption customs agents
Corruption elected leaders
Corruption fact of life
Corruption foreign businessmen
Corruption judges       9
Corruption police
Corruption teachers
Corruption Ugandan businessmen
Corruption was worse problem under one party government
Corruption women's organizations
Corruption worse
Corruption: Border officials
Corruption: Elected leaders
Corruption: Foreign businessmen
Corruption: Government officials
Corruption: Judges and magistrates
Corruption: Local businessmen
Corruption: Officials in the Presidency
Corruption: Police
Corruption: Religious leaders
Corruption: Teachers and school administrators
Council of elders
Counrty Value: 6
Count on family
Count on outside family
Count on outside the family
Country
Country returned to apartheid
Country returned to British Colonial rule?
Country returned to colonial rule?
Country returned to Kaunda
Country returned to white minority rule?
Country returned to White minority rule?
Country should remain united vs. country should break apart
Country:
Country’s economy 12 months ago
Country’s present economic condition
Courts have the right to make decisions
Creating jobs
Crops/vegetables in the PSU/sector
Current method of ensuring safety of home.
Current methods of obtaining food.
Current methods of obtaining health care.
Daily routine affected by feeling tired, stressed or sick
Data entry clerks entered their names or initials as they input returns.
date
Date
Date of interview
Deal with inherited problems?
Decisions to be made by council of elders, traditional leaders or chiefs?
Decisions to be made by council of elders, traditional leaders or chiefs.
Decisions to be made by council of elders, traditional leaders.
Delay in obtaining government permit or license
Democ. Assoc.
Democracy for voice vs. for basic needs
Democratic society and at least 2 parties competing?
Democratic society and at least 2 parties competing.
Democratic society and basic necessities?
Democratic society and basic necessities.
Democratic society and equal education?
Democratic society and equal education.
Democratic society and freedom to criticize the govt.?
Democratic society and freedom to criticize the govt..
Democratic society and freedom to criticize the govt..?
Democratic society and jobs for everyone?
Democratic society and jobs for everyone.
Democratic society and majority rule?
Democratic society and majority rule.
Democratic society and regular elections?
Democratic society and regular elections.
Democratic society and small income gap between rich and poor?
Democratic society and small income gap?
Democratic society and small income gap.
Depend on a government salaried worker
Depend on buying and selling goods
Depend on earning a wage or salary
Depend on wage or salary
Desirable to create a united Botswana out of all the groups?
Desirable to create a united Lesotho out of all groups?
Desirable to create a united Malawi out of all the groups?
Desirable to create a united Namibian nation out of all country’s groups?
Desirable to create a united South Africa out of all the groups?
Desirable to create a united Zambia out of all the groups?
Desirable to create a united Zimbabwe out of all the groups?
Desired relation to South Africa
Destination sign posted
Devel. Assoc.
Did anyone influence respondent's answers?
Did household have glass in windows?
Did respondent consult others for information to answer questions?
Did respondent consult others to answer questions?
Did respondent cough repeatedly during the interview?
Did respondent have missing limbs?
Did the household have windows?
Did you feel threatened during interview?
Did you have to pay a govt. official to get a job?
Did you have to pay a govt. official to get a maintenance payment, loan or pension?
Did you pay a govt. official to get housing or land?
Did you pay a govt. official to get water or electricity?
Did you see a water-filled dam or lake in last 10km of journey?
Did you see a water-filled dam or lake in last 1km of journey?
Did you see a water-filled dam or lake in last 1km?
Did you see a water-filled river in last 10km of journey?
Did you see a water-filled river in last 1km of journey?
Did you see any police or police vehicles at PSU or EA?
Did your presence arouse fear from neighbors?
Did your presence arouse fear from neighbours?
Did your presence arouse interest from neighbors?
Did your presence arouse suspicion from neighbors?
Did your presence arouse suspicion from neighbours?
Died of AIDS
Difficulty answering
Difficulty answering?
Discuss political matters with friends?
Discuss politics
Discuss politics with friends
Discuss politics with spouse
Dismiss judges
Disregarding traffic signs and lights
District
District/ province?
District/province
District/province?
Do household work
Do if judges who ruled against the government dismissed
Do if judges who ruled against the govt. dismissed
Do if National Assembly suspended and elections cancelled
Do if newspapers critical of govt. shut down
Do if shut down newspapers that criticized the government
Do if stopped from traveling freely
Do if told what religion to follow
Do you come from a rural or urban area?
Do you come from rural or urban area?
Do you do regular work without a cash pay?
Do you do regular work without cash pay?
Do you feel close to a political party
Do you follow on-goings of govt. and public affairs?
Do you follow what is happening in govt and public affairs?
Do you follow what is happening in govt. and public affairs?
Do you have an electricity hook-up into home?
Do you have an electricity hook-up.
Do you have local traditional leader?
Do you have piped water into home?
Do you have piped water to household.
Do you know a close friend or relative who has died of AIDS?
Do you know of a close friend or relative who died of AIDS?
Do you work for no cash pay?
Does Govt. represent interests of all Namibians or only one group?
Doing on work in-kind for food or shelter
Easy or difficult to obtain a voter registration card
Easy or difficult to obtain birth certificate
Easy or difficult to obtain electricity connection
Easy or difficult to obtain place in primary school
Easy or difficult to obtain telephone connection
Easy or difficult to obtain telephone/cell phone
Economic decisions made by economic experts.
Economic Expectations
Economic Expectations.
Economic experts make the most important decisions about economy
Economic policies helped most vs. hurt most
Economic reform too expensive vs accept hardships now
Economic runs badly
Economic structural adjustment programme's effect on your life?
Economic structural adjustment programme’s effect on your life
Educ. For everyone
Education
Education for everyone
Education of respondent
Educational organization
Elections and parties
Elections are held regularly
Elections free and fair.
Elections honest
Electoral authorities should be changed as demanded by political parties
Electricity grid accessible to most houses.
Employ other people
Employ other people to work for you
Employ others
Employment status
Encourage foreign investment VS be wary of foreign investors
Encourage foreign investment VS Be wary of foreign investors
Enjoy a real choice?
Enough choice without parties
Enriching themselves
Ensuring all Malians have enough to eat
Ensuring that all Tanzanians have enough to eat
Enviro. Assoc.
Environmental association
Equal newspaper coverage
Equal Nigerian
Equal radio coverage
Equal rights for women VS Women subject to traditional African laws
Equal rights for women VS women subject to traditional laws
Equal treatment for all
Equal TV coverage
Equality in education and democracy.
ERP
ERP supposed to do
ESAP has helped most people VS it has hurt most
ESAP has helped VS hurt most people
ESAP has helped VS it has hurt most people
ESAP’s effect on your life
Evading income taxes
Evaluations of Economic Conditions
Evaluations of Economic Conditions.
Evaluations of personal economic conditions compared to other Batswana.
Evaluations of personal economic conditions compared to other Malawians.
Evaluations of personal economic conditions compared to other South Africans.
Evaluations of personal economic conditions compared to other Zambians.
Evaluations of personal economic conditions compared to others.
Evaluations of personal economic conditions.
Everybody is treated equally and fairly by govt.
Everybody is treated equally and fairly by govt..
Everybody is treated equally and fairly by the government
Everybody treated equally and fairly by govt.
Everybody treated equally and fairly by govt.?
Everyone enjoys basic necessities
Everyone votes VS only educated vote
Expect vote in referendum.
Expectation of country’s economy next 12 months
Expectation of your living condition next 12 months
Expected satisfaction in one year
Extending agricultural credit
Family member attacked or robbed?
Family member Home broken into
Family members agree on politics VS differences in family OK
Family members agree on politics VS Differences in family okay
Fear of unjust arrest
Federal government and local government
Feel proud to be a (identity group)
Feel proud to be a [identity group]
Feel proud to be called a Namibian?
Feel proud to be part of this group
Feel stronger ties to group than to other Namibians.
Feel that you have little or no control over life?
Feel threatened?
Few have suffered?
Fighting corruption in government
Fighting corruption in government       2
Fighting corruption in govt
Financial situation
Follow religion
Follow what is happening in govt. and public affairs?
For how many months were you unemployed?
For how often have you gone without enough food to eat?
Foreign investment?
Form a group
Formal houses in PSU.
Formality
Former vs. current government: Ability to enforce the law
Former vs. current government: Corruption
Former vs. current government: Effective delivery of services
Former vs. current government: Trustworthy
Free education even if quality is low VS pay school fees for high standards
Free education even if quality is low VS Pay school fees for high standards
Free health care, low stds VS pay for better health care
Free medicine with unraised stds VS medical fees but raised stds.
Free schooling vs raise educational standards
Free schooling vs. user fees
Free schooling?
Free to choose
Free to choose who to vote for without feeling forced
Free to choose who to vote for without feeling forced by others
Free to choose who to vote for?
Free to criticize
Free to earn VS Government limits rich earnings
Free to earn vs govt. limits
Free to earn VS govt. limits rich earnings
Free to earn VS limited income?
Free to earn?
Free to join any organization
Free to say
Free to say what you think
Free un-raised health care stds VS paid better health care
Freedom to criticize the govt. and democracy.
Freeness and fairness of last national election?
Freeness and fairness of last national elections
Friend Home broken into
Friends attacked or robbed?
Future system
Gap between rich and poor
GEAR has helped VS hurt most people
GEAR programme’s effect on your life
Gender
Gender of respondent
Geopolitical Region
Get news from newspapers
Get news from radio
Get news from television
Get rid of elections so strong leader can decide everything
Get services without paying for them.
Get services without paying?
Get unpaid services?
Ghana Democracy
Ghanaian language
Give bribe, gift, or do favor for services that you are entitled to
Give bribe, gift, or do favor for services to which you are entitled
Gone without a cash income
Gone without electricity in your home
Gone without food for family
Gone without medical treatment for family
Gone without schooling for children
Gone without water for domestic use
Goods available vs low prices
Goods available with high prices VS shortage of goods with low prices
Goods available with high prices VS Shortage of goods with low prices
Goods available?
Goods available? 21
Government by experts
Government exercises power in an acceptable way
Government has right to make decisions that all people abide by
Government keeps factories vs privitization
Government laws, policies change lots VS stable
Government laws/policies change often VS laws/policies stable
Government like a father vs. an employee
Government like a father vs. employee
Government manages production and distribution
Government ownership of businesses, farms, etc. VS privatization
Government ownership of businesses, farms, etc. VS Privatization
Government performance
Government Performance
Government too complicated vs understand government
Government too complicated vs understand govt.
Government was elected to power by accepted procedures       8
Government's economic policies helped most VS hurt most
Government's economic policies helped most VS Hurt most
Government’s reduced economic role
Government’s reduced role in economy
Governor performance
Govt own factories VS privatization
Govt should have the final decision.
Govt. elected by accepted procedures?
Govt. elected by accepted procedures.
Govt. elected to power by accepted procedures.
Govt. exercises power in acceptable way?
Govt. exercises power in acceptable way.
Govt. has right to make decisions whether people agree or not?
Govt. interest in your group in comparison to other groups.
Govt. more or less interested in what your group has to say?
Govt. own factories VS privatization
Govt. own factories VS selling it to private Businesses and individuals
Govt. represents all Basotho or just one group only?
Govt. represents all Zambians or just one group only?
Govt. represents interested of all Malawians or just one group only?
Govt. represents interests of all Zimbabweans or just one group?
Govt. represents the interests of all South Africans or just one group only?
Govt. should have the ultimate decision whether people agree with it or not.
Govt. should have the ultimate decision?
Govt. should retain factories Vs selling it to private companies.
Govt. system will take years to deal with problems VS ought to deal with it.
Govt. today more corrupt?
Govt. today more effective in performing its job.
Govt. today more interested in hearing what people think.
Govt. today more trustworthy?
Govt. too complicated VS understand govt.
Govt. treats all people fair and equal.
Govt.. elected by accepted procedures.
Govt.. exercises power in acceptable way.
Govt.. own factories VS selling it to private Businesses and individuals
Govt.. represents interests of all Batswana or just one group only?
Govt.. should have the ultimate decision whether people agree with it or not.
Graded dirt
Graded sand/dirt roads
Group identity
Group leader
Group member 6
Group which benefits most from government economic policies
Grow your own food
Handling AIDS
Handling basic
Handling basic health services
Handling conflict resolution
Handling corruption
Handling crime
Handling domestic violence
Handling economy
Handling education
Handling educational
Handling food security
Handling gaps
Handling health
Handling health services
Handling HIV/AIDS
Handling household water
Handling income gaps
Handling jobs
Handling land for women
Handling poverty
Handling prices
Have adequate standard of living
Have adequate standard of living?
Have other people
Have to be careful what you do and say with regard to politics?
Have to be careful what you do and say with regards to politics in this country?
Have to be careful what you do and say with regards to politics in this country? Values :  1-6, 98-99
Have you attended an election rally?
Have you claimed govt. benefits that you are not entitled to?
Have you contacted govt official or political party official?
Have you contacted govt. official or political party official?
Have you contacted govt.. official or political party official?
Have you ever heard about Economic Structural Adjustment Programme?
Have you ever heard about GEAR Programme?
Have you ever written a letter to newspaper?
Have you heard about govt's Economic Structural Adjustment Program?
Have you heard about the government’s Economic Structural Adjustment Programme?
Have you joined others to address community problems?
Have you recently contacted a govt. official.
Have you recently contacted any influential person other than govt. official?
Have you worked for a political candidate or party?
Head of household
Health clinic
Health clinic system.
Heard about referendum
Heard about Structural Adjustment Programme
Heard from church leader
Heard from civic educator
Heard from community meetings
Heard from family
Heard from friend
Heard from newspapers
Heard from NRM official
Heard from pamphlets
Heard from political party official
Heard from posters
Heard from radio       1
Heard from TV
Heard of the Structural Adjustment Programme
hhold
Highest grade, std, form completed.
Home language
Home Language
House broken into
House Type
Household back-checked?
Household income
Housing type
How are parliamentarians elected?
How are your group's economic conditions in comparison to other groups?
How are your group's economic conditions in comparison to others?
How close do you feel to this party?
How close to the party do you feel?
How democratic
How do you currently obtain food?
How do you currently obtain health care?
How do you feel about banned political parties?
How do you feel about dismissed judges who ruled against the govt.?
How do you feel about dismissed judges who ruled against the govt..?
How do you feel about the suspension of parliament and cancellation of elections?
How do you normally obtain cash income?
How has parliament performed its job?
How has your local govt. performed its job?
How has your local govt.. performed its job?
How honest or dishonest were the Presidential elections of October 2000?
How interested are you in politics and government
How interested are you in politics and govt.
How interested is parliament in the well-being of you?
How interested is parliament in your well-being?
How interested is provincial govt in your well-being?
How interested is the President in your well-being?
How interested is the Prime Minister in your well-being?
How interested is your local chief in your well-being?
How interested is your local councillor in your well-being?
How interested is your local councilor about your well-being?
How interested is your local councilor in your well-being?
How is govt. addressing educational needs of all Namibians?
How is govt. delivering basic services?
How is govt. ensuring that everyone has sufficient land?
How is govt. ensuring that prices remain stable?
How is govt. handling the building of houses?
How is govt. handling the creation of jobs?
How is govt. improving health care?
How is govt. managing the economy?
How is govt. reducing crime?
How long before govt. fulfills its promises
How long before own living standards meet your expectations
How long living standards?
How long promises?
How many chief traditional leaders involved in corruption?
How many chiefs or traditional leaders are involved in corruption?
How many chiefs or traditional leaders involved in corruption?
How many chiefs/traditional leaders are involved in corruption?
How many chiefs/traditional leaders involved in corruption?
How many civil servants are involved in corruption?
How many civil servants do you think are involved in corruption?
How many civil servants involved in corruption?
How many formal houses in PSU?
How many govt officials involved in corruption?
How many govt. officials do you think are involved in corruption?
How many govt. officials involved in corruption?
How many govt.. officials do you think are involved in corruption?
How many in parliament involved in corruption?
How many local govt. officials involved in corruption?
How many members of parliament involved in corruption?
How many months were you unemployed?
How many officials in local govt. are involved in corruption?
How many officials in local govt. involved in corruption?
How many officials in your local govt. are involved in corruption?
How many officials in your local govt. are involved in corruption.
How many officials in your local govt.. are involved in corruption?
How many people in parliament do you think are involved in corruption?
How many people in parliament involved in corruption?
How many people in prov govt are involved in corruption.
How many totally dependent
How much can you trust your local govt?
How much graded sand/dirt roads in last 10km?
How much has physical health reduce amount of work?
How much money do you earn a month?
How much of a democracy is Malawi?
How much of a democracy is Mali today
How much of a democracy is Tanzania today
How much of the last 10 km was ungraded dirt roads
How much of the last 10km journey was off road?
How much of the last 10km journey was spent off road?
How much of the last 10km journey was tarred/concrete roads?
How much of the last 10km was graded sand/dirt roads
How much of the last 10km was graded sand/dirt roads?
How much of the last 10km was off road
How much of the last 10km was tarred/concrete
How much of the last 10km was ungraded dirt roads?
How much of the time can local chief be trusted?
How much of the time can you trust govt. press or newspapers?
How much of the time can you trust govt.. press or newspapers?
How much of the time can you trust independent press or newspapers?
How much of the time can you trust parliament to do what is right?
How much of the time can you trust parliament?
How much of the time can you trust press or newspapers?
How much of the time can you trust provincial govt?
How much of the time can you trust the army?
How much of the time can you trust the Botswana broadcasting corporation?
How much of the time can you trust the courts of law?
How much of the time can you trust the criminal justice system?
How much of the time can you trust the electoral commission?
How much of the time can you trust the Independent Electoral Commission?
How much of the time can you trust the Malawi broadcasting corporation?
How much of the time can you trust the Namibian broadcasting corporation?
How much of the time can you trust the newspapers?
How much of the time can you trust the police?
How much of the time can you trust the police?       7
How much of the time can you trust the President to do what is right?
How much of the time can you trust the President to do what is right?       6
How much of the time can you trust the President?
How much of the time can you trust the South African Broadcasting Corporation?
How much of the time can you trust the supervisory electoral commission?
How much of the time can you trust the Zambia broadcasting?
How much of the time can you trust your local chief to do what is right?
How much of the time can you trust your local govt. to do what is right?
How much of the time can you trust your local govt. to do what is right.
How much of the time can you trust your local govt.. to do what is right?
How much of the time can you trust Zimbabwean broadcasting?
How much of the time trust the President?
How much of the time trust your local govt.?
How much trust govt. press or newspapers?
How much trust independent press or newspapers?
How much trust parliament?
How much trust the army?
How much trust the courts of law?
How much trust the electoral commission?
How much trust the Lesotho broadcasting?
How much trust the police?
How much trust the Prime Minister?
How much trust your local govt?
How much ungraded dirt roads in last 10km?
How much was graded sand/dirt roads
How much was off road
How much was tarred/concrete
How much was ungraded dirt roads
How much worried or anxious, feel tired?
How often are you treated unfairly by government
How often attend community meeting
How often attend election rally
How often attended a demonstration
How often attended: a trade union.
How often attended: church group.
How often attended: commercial organization.
How often attended: coop/self-help ass.
How often attended: group that does thing for community.
How often attended: school/housing/rates groups.
How often bribe?
How often bribe? 33
How often contacted a government official for help
How often contacted a Local Government Councilor for help
How often contacted a member of parliament for help
How often contacted a member of Zanzibar House of Representatives
How often contacted a National Assembly representative for help
How often contacted a political party official for help
How often contacted a religious leader for help
How often contacted a State Assembly representative for help
How often contacted a traditional ruler for help
How often contacted some other influential person for help
How often did you have insufficient fuel for cooking?
How often did you have insufficient fuel to heat your home and to cook with?
How often do you attend church group meetings?
How often do you discuss political matters with friends?
How often do you discuss politics and government with people
How often do you discuss politics and govt. with people
How often do you get news from newspapers?
How often do you get news from radio?
How often do you get news from tv?
How often family go without: drink/cook water.
How often family go without: Electricity.
How often family go without: Heating/cooking fuel,
How often family go without: shelter.
How often felt unsafe in your own home
How often get together with others to raise an issue
How often got together with others to raise an issue       3
How often had insufficient fuel to heat your home and to cook with?
How often have you felt unsafe from crime in your home?
How often have you felt unsafe from crime?
How often have you gone without a cash income?
How often have you gone without electricity in your home?
How often have you gone without enough clean water to drink or cook with?
How often have you gone without enough clean water to drink?
How often have you gone without enough food to eat?
How often have you gone without food?
How often have you gone without medicine.
How often have you gone without necessary medical treatment?
How often have you gone without shelter?
How often have you had insufficient fuel to heat or cook?
How often home broken into and had something stolen
How often physical health reduce amount of work?
How often physically attacked
How often signed a petition
How often without cash income?
How often worked for a political candidate or party
How often worried, anxious or feel tired?
How often worried, anxious, feel tired?
How often worried, anxious, felt tired?
How often written a letter to a newspaper
How often: physical health leads to reduced work.
How often: worried/anxious.
How old were you on your last birthday?
How old were you on your last birthday?/Year were you born?
How satisfied are you with democracy in Botswana?
How satisfied are you with democracy in Lesotho?
How satisfied are you with democracy in Malawi?
How satisfied are you with democracy in Namibia?
How satisfied are you with democracy in South Africa?
How satisfied are you with democracy in Zambia?
How satisfied are you with democracy in Zimbabwe?
How satisfied or unsatisfied are you with  SAP
How to govern: army
How to govern: decisions by experts
How to govern: Movement system
How to govern: multiparty system.
How to govern: one political party
How to govern: strong leader
How to govern: traditional system.
How to join Lesotho and South Africa
How well does govt deliver basic services like water and electricity?
How well does govt deliver basic services like water?
How well does govt ensure that everyone has sufficient land?
How well does govt reduce crime?
How well does govt. address educational needs of all Malawians?
How well does govt. address educational needs of all South Africans?
How well does govt. address educational needs of all Zambians?
How well does govt. address educational needs of all Zimbabweans?
How well does govt. address educational needs of allBasotho?
How well does govt. deliver basic services like water and electricity?
How well does govt. deliver basic services like water?
How well does govt. ensure that everyone has sufficient land?
How well does govt. manage the economy?
How well does govt. reduce crime?
How well does govt.. address educational needs of all Batswana?
How well does govt.. deliver basic services like water?
How well does govt.. ensure that everyone has sufficient land?
How well does govt.. manage the economy?
How well does govt.. reduce crime?
How well has President Nujoma performed?
How well is govt building houses?
How well is govt creating jobs?
How well is govt distributing welfare payments to those who are entitled to it?
How well is govt ensuring that prices remain stable?
How well is govt improving health services?
How well is govt. building houses?
How well is govt. creating jobs?
How well is govt. ensuring that prices remain stable?
How well is govt. improving health services?
How well is govt.. building houses?
How well is govt.. creating jobs?
How well is govt.. ensuring that prices remain stable?
How well is govt.. improving health services?
How would you grade your own household
How would you rate the freeness and fairness of last national election?
Identity
Identity condition
Identity conditions
Identity group treated unfairly
Identity is best
Identity ties
Identity treated fairly
Identity treated fairly by the govt.
Identity vs. Namibian
Identity vs. Nigerian
Identity, besides being a Namibian
Identity, besides being a Nigerian
If not registered, why not?
If not registered, WHY NOT?
Illegal services: Likelihood of council cutting services.
Importance: Freedom of religion
Importance: Freedom to criticize
Importance: Protection of minority rights
Importance: Protection of private property
Important changes about way country is governed?
Improving health services
In the last year, been without job more than 1 month?
Income tax
Income tax       6
Indecisive squabbling
Individual or party
Individuals decide what to produce, buy and sell
Influence by others?
Influence government
Influence others VS do not influence
Influence others vs no influence
Influence others vs. do not influence them
Influence others?
Influenced by others
Insufficient info about political life and govt. actions?
Insufficient info about political life and govt.. actions?
Interest in public affairs
Interested in politics
Interviewer age?
Interviewer age.
Interviewer feel threatened
Interviewer from rural or urban area
Interviewer number?
Interviewer origin
Interviewer origin?
Interviewer physically threatened
Interviewer urban or rural
Interviewer's gender?
Interviewer's gender.
Interviewer's highest level of education
Interviewer's highest level of education?
Interviewer's highest level of education.
Interviewer's home language?
Interviewer's home language.
Interviewer's race?
Interviewer's race.
Interviewer’s age
Interviewer’s education
Interviewer’s gender
Interviewer’s home language
Is govt. more or less interested in what your group has to say in comparison to other groups?
Is govt. more or less interested in what your group has to say?
Is govt.. more or less interested in what your group has to say in comparison to other groups?
Is Lesotho democratic?
Is South Africa democratic?
Is there a bottle store?
Is there a health clinic?
Is there a nearby school which your kids could attend?
Is there a nearby school, which your kids could attend?
Is there a petrol station?
Is there a piped water system accessible to most houses?
Is there a police station in the primary sampling unit?
Is there a police station in the PSU?
Is there a post-office in primary sampling unit?
Is there a post-office in PSU?
Is there a railway station?
Is there a regular bus/taxi service in the primary sampling unit?
Is there a regular bus/taxi service in the PSU?
Is there a school close by?
Is there a school in the primary sampling unit?
Is there a school in the PSU?
Is there a sewage system accessible to most houses?
Is there a supermarket (food/ clothing)?
Is there an electricity grid accessible to most houses?
Is your job part-time or full-time or are you looking for work?
Is your job part-time or full-time; looking for work?
Is Zambia democratic?
Is Zimbabwe a democracy?
It is my responsibility as a citizen to contribute to the process of reconciliation.
It is possible to create a united SA nation.
It makes you proud to be called a Batswana.
It makes you proud to be called a Malawians?
It makes you proud to be called a Mosotho.
It makes you proud to be called a South African.
It makes you proud to be called a Zambian.
It makes you proud to be called a Zimbabwean.       0
It will take govt. years to deal with problems VS ought to deal with it now.
It will take govt.. years to deal with problems VS ought to deal with it now.
It's not wise to plan ahead VS always plan ahead
Job creation: Start  businesses VS Govt. Employment.
Job opportunities
Job status: part-time or full-time.
Jobs by starting businesses vs govt. provides
Jobs for everyone
Jobs for everyone and democracy.
Join any organization
Judge/Lawyer performance
Keep govt employees VS retrench govt employees
Keep govt. employees VS retrench govt. employees
Keep govt.. employees VS retrench govt.. employees
Keeping prices low
Kms graded sand/dirt roads?
Kms off road?
Kms tarred/concrete roads?
Kms ungraded dirt roads?       8
Know a close friend or relative who died of AIDS.
Know SAP
Language in which interview was conducted
Language interview was conducted in?
Language of interview
Language of origin
Large earnings gap alright vs. equality
Last 12 months been without a cash job?
Law enforcement: Serious crime
Law enforcement: Services without paying
Law enforcement: Tax evasion
Leaders listen to what people have to say
Leaders look after the interests of people
Leaders should be impartial vs. help own community
Leaders treat all equally vs. help own community
Level of education
LG Chair performance
Life today compared to under apartheid
Likelihood of court conviction
Likelihood of police catching and charging those committing serious crime.
Likelihood of SARS penalizing tax evaders.
Listen news bulletin
Livestock in the PSU/sector
Local chief’s interest in people?
Local chiefs interest in people?
Local Government Area
Local govt vote-canidate Value: 1-17, 30-33, 97-98.
Local govt vote-party. Value: 2-17, 30-33, 98.
Local govt. job performance.
Local traditional leader, chief or headman?
Look after my interests
Look after the interests
Main occupation
Maintaining order
Majority rule
Majority rule needed for democracy.
Majority Rules
Make elected representatives listen
Making reparations to TRC victims.
Malawians are equal to each other.
Marital status
Market stalls
Market stalls (selling food/ clothing) in PSU.
Meaning of “poor” 1st response
Meaning of “poor” 2nd response
Meaning of “poor” 3rd response
Meaning of democracy
Meaning of democracy?
Meaning of political party
Member of community development association
Member of parliament for this area?
Member of parliament for this constituency?
Member of professional or business association
Member of religious group
Member of trade/farmers union
Member: Art or education org.
Member: Charitable org.
Member: Development Assoc.
Member: Environmental assoc.
Member: Other
Member: Pro-democracy or human rights org.
Member: Professional or business org.
Member: Religious org.
Member: Sport or recreation org.
Member: Trade union or farmer’s org.
Member: Women's org.
Mental health
Military rule
Minority suffered?
Monthly earnings
Monthly earnings?
Monthly income in 100s
More jobs, low wages vs. fewer jobs, high wages
Most important changes about way country is governed
Most important changes about way country is governed?
Most important problems – 1st response
Most important problems – 2nd response
Most important problems – 3rd response
Most important problems facing country
Most important problems facing you personally
Most important problems govt. should address.
Most important problems to be addressed by govt.
Most important problems to be addressed by govt..
Most people can be trusted Vs you must be careful
Most people can be trusted Vs you must be careful of people?
MP performance
Name Assemblyman
Name Finance Minister
Name Finance Minister       3
Name Governor
Name HR Member
Name LG Chairman
Name MP
Name of Chairman
Name of Deputy
Name of Governor
Name of Mayor
Name of Member of Parliament
Name of Minister of Finance
Name of President of the National Assembly
Name of Regional Commissioner
Name of Vice President
Name Vice President
Name Vice-President
Namibia’s economy vs. neighbours
Namibians are equal to each other.
Narrowing income gap.
Narrowing income gaps between rich and poor
National govt vote. Value: 2-17, 30-33, 98.
National problems
National reconciliation does not require intervention.
National reconciliation requires amnesty.
National Reconciliation requires forgetting the past.
National reconciliation requires material compensation for victims
National Reconciliation requires that people forgive one another.
National Reconciliation requires the healing of memories.
National Rep performance
Need a strong leader VS democracy always best?
Need a strong leader VS democracy is always best?
Need a strong leader VS Democracy is always best?
Need contacts to get ahead
Negative consequences.
Neighbors afraid
Neighbors interested
Neighbors interested?
Neighbors suspicious
Neighbors suspicious?
New business risky VS invest to start business
News from discussions
Newspaper consequence
Newspaper news
Newspapers
Newspapers Values, 0-5, 9
Nigeria Democracy?
Nigeria’s economy vs. neighbours
Nigerian citizens
Nigerian language
No expression of different views VS allow differences
No one attacked or robbed
No one Home broken into
No one present
No term limits for president vs. two terms only
Not get any better?
Not pay rates?
Not paying for services like piped water
Not wise to plan ahead VS always plan ahead
Not wise to plan?
Number adults in HH
Number of calls
Numbers govt. workers should not be reduced VS reduced numbers.
Obtaining an identity document
Obtaining help from the police
Obtaining household services
Obtaining loan or payment from government
Obtaining primary school placement for child
Obtaining voter registration card for yourself
Occupation
Off road
Off road in last 10km.
Offering bribes
Offering bribes to public servants
Often discuss politics
Oil revenues for host communities vs. federal government
Ok to bend the law
One party to stand for elections and hold office?
One party to stand for elections and hold office.
One party to stand for elections and to stand for office.
One political party
One-man rule
One-party rule
Only one political party allowed to stand for elections.
Operate bank account
Operate bank or savings account
Opinion of interim Political Authority
Opinion of SADC intervention
Opinion of September 1998 protests
Ordinary people can influence government
Ordinary people can influence govt.
Other
Other       4
Other adults immediately present listening to interview.
Other adults present listening during the interview?
Other methods would you use to obtain cash income.
Other people present who could be listening
Others
Others present
Over the last 12 months have you been without a cash job more than 1 month or more?
Over the last 12 months have you been without a cash job more than a month?
Over the last 12 months without a cash job more than a month.
Overall assessment of govt. performance
Overall direction in the country.
Owe money
Owe money borrowed for business purposes
Own factories?
Own land?
Own living conditions compared to other Malians
Own living conditions compared to other Tanzanians
Own success in life?
Paid a govt. official to get a job?
Paid a govt.. official to get a job?
Paid govt. offical to get housing or land?
Paid govt. official to get a maintenance payment, loan or pension?
Paid govt. official to get a maintenance payment, loan, etc.
Paid govt. official to get a maintenance payment, loan, or pension payment.
Paid govt. official to get housing or land?
Paid govt. official to get water or electricity?
Paid govt.. official to get a maintenance payment, loan or pension?
Paid govt.. official to get housing or land?
Paid govt.. official to get water or electricity?
Parliament’s job performance.
Partake in sit-ins, disruption of govt. meetings
Partake in sit-ins, disruption of govt. meetings       4
Partake in sit-ins, disruption of govt.. meetings
Participating in a community savings group
Parties bring in young leaders
Parties compete
Parties don’t include me
Parties ensure govt. doesn’t abuse power
Parties make empty promises
Parties needed to ensure representation
Parties undermine national unity
Party and government
Party card
Party competition leads to conflict
Party performance
Past two years attacked or robbed
Past two years been attacked or robbed
Past two years home broken into and had something stolen
Past two years home broken into and something stolen
Patience to deal with inherited problems vs results soon
Patience to deal with inherited problems VS try another form
Patience to deal with problems VS solve new
Patience to deal with problems VS solve now.
Pavements along roads.
Pay bribe for: Anything else
Pay bribe for: Avoid problem with police
Pay bribe for: Cross a border
Pay bribe for: Document or permit
Pay bribe for: Get household service
Pay bribe for: School placement
People are free to say what they think
People belonging to this group are the best
People can freely choose who to vote for
People can join any organization they want
People can join political organization of choice.
People create their own jobs VS Government provide jobs for all
People create their own jobs VS govt. provide jobs for all
People don’t listen to me on politics
People go back to the land and provide for their own needs
People have an adequate standard of living
People in high places
People more responsible for well-being VS govt. responsibility
People more responsible for well-being VS govt. responsible
People more responsible for well-being VS govt.. responsibility
People present during interview?
People responsible for own well-being vs govt. responsible
People responsible for selves VS Government responsible
People responsible for selves VS govt. responsible for people's well-being
People responsible for well-being VS govt. responsible
People responsible for well-being vs. government
People should be free to earn VS Govt.  limit  income.
People VS govt. responsible for well-being.
People who belong to this group are better than other groups.
People’s living standard
Perceived survey sponsor
Performance chiefs
Performance NDC
Performance of LC5 representative
Performance of MP
Performance of President
Performance of RDC
Performance: Local government councilor
Performance: President
Performance: Representative to the National Assembly
Performance: Representative to the National Council
Performance: Representative to the State Assembly
Permitted to vote?
Personal economic conditions compared to others.
Personal problems
Persons present
Petrol station
Petrol station in PSU.
Physical health
Physical health reduce amount of work?
Physical health reduce amount of work?       4
Physical health reduce amount of work.
Physically threatened?
Piped water
Piped water system
Piped water system accessible to most houses.
Places of worship
Places of worship in PSU.
Police have the right to make people obey the law
Police in the PSU/sector
Police station
Police station in the PSU.
Political and govt. affairs too complicated to understand?
Political parties divisive vs. many parties needed
Political Party and government
Political representatives?
Politicians and civil servants try to look after interests of people like me
Politicians look after my interests
Politics and government complicated
Post-office
Prefer market or government-run economy
Preference for democratic VS non-democratic govt
Preference for democratic VS non-democratic govt.
Preference for democratic VS non-democratic govt..
Preference of democratic govt. VS non-democratic govt.
Premier’s job performance.
Present or last occupation.
Present personal living conditions
President can change Constitution VS obey the Constitution
President change Constitution?
President could decide everything?
President decides everything?
President fights corruption
President ignores constitution
President should be able to change Constitution VS obey Constitution
President will fight corruption even if friends involved
President's job performance?
President's region gets more services than others
President’s region
Presidential elections honest
Presidential elections of 1997 honest or dishonest
Preventing spread HIV.
Preventing the spread of AIDS
Previous interview, gender
Privatized agricultural marketing vs. government control
Pro-democracy or human rights organization
Problems, but better?
Producing and marketing cotton
producing oil
Prof/business assoc.
Professional or business association
Proportion of problems solvable
Proportion of questions respondent had difficulty in answering
Protecting borders
Protecting nation's borders
Proud identity
Proud Nigerian
Proud to be a Malian
Proud to be a Tanzanian
Provide employment?
Providing schools and clinics
Providing schools/clinics
Provincial govt job performance.
PSU
PSU clearly sign-posted the last 10km of journey.
Public electricity grid
Public piped water system
Public services delivered.
Public sewage system
Question actions of leaders vs. respect authority
Question leaders vs. respect them
Radio
Radio consequence
Radio news
Radio News Values, 0-5, 9
Railway station
Railway station in PSU.
Raise an issue
Rate former colonial system (of British rule)
Rate former system of one party rule
Rate old system of government by traditional rulers
Rate present system of government with elections and many parties
Rate present system of govt. with elections and many parties
Rate system of govt. you expect in five years
Rate the former colonial system
Rate the former system of one party rule
Rate the old system of government by traditional rulers
Rate the system of government that you expect in five years time
Rates evasion: Likelihood of council cutting services.
Rating of current system govt.?
Rating of current system of govt
Rating of future system
Rating of future system govt
Rating of present system govt
Rating of previous system govt
Rating of previous system govt.?
Rating of previous system of govt
Read newspaper
Read/write English
Reason for contact
Reason for difficulty in obtaining  telephone connection
Reason for difficulty in obtaining birth certificate
Reason for difficulty in obtaining electricity connection
Reason for difficulty in obtaining place in primary school
Reason for difficulty in obtaining place in primary school       0
Reason for difficulty in obtaining telephone/cell phone
Reason for difficulty in obtaining voter registration card
Reason for not participating
Recently did you have to do without a cash income.
Recently have you been unemployed for one month or more.
Reconciliation requires that South Africans understand one another better.
Recreational facilities
Recreational facilities in PSU.
Reducing crime
Referendum about?       2
Referendum changes constitution?
Referendum choose candidates?
Referendum choose govt. system?
Referendum government resign?
Referendum must abide results?
Referendum must register?
Referendum same as election?
Referendum secret ballot?
Regardless of group you belong to, if you are Batswana then should be treated equally
Regardless of group you belong to, if you are Malawian then should be treated equally
Regardless of group, all Basotho should be treated equally.
Regardless of group, all South African should be treated equally.
Regardless of group, all Zambian should be treated equally.
Region
Registered as voter in the October 2000 elections
Registered voter
Regular bus or taxi service
Regular bus/taxi service in the PSU.
Regular elections
Regular elections and democracy.
Religion
Religion of respondent
Religiosity of respondent
Religious organization
Religious services
Report to police
Report to the police       1
Representatives listen vs don’t listen
Representatives listen?
Resources to combat AIDS vs. other problems
Respect authority
Respect for authority VS question leaders
Respect for authority VS Question Leaders
Respect for property rights vs. right to seize
respno
Respondent at ease
Respondent at ease?
Respondent check with others to answer questions.
Respondent checked with others
Respondent checked with others for information
Respondent cooperative
Respondent Cooperative?
Respondent friendly
Respondent friendly?
Respondent honest
Respondent honest?
Respondent influenced by others
Respondent interested
Respondent Interested?
Respondent number
Respondent Number
Respondent patient
Respondent Patient?
Respondent's gender?
Respondent’s race?
Respondent’s shelter?
Respondent’s type of shelter
Respondent’s type of shelter.
Response to banning political parties?
Response to closing media?
Response to dismissing judges?
Response to dismissing judges.
Response to shutting down media.
Response to suspension of parliament and cancellation of elections?
Response to suspension of parliament.
Responsibilities of National Assembly representative – 1st response
Responsibilities of National Assembly representative – 2nd response
Responsibilities of National Assembly representative – 3rd response
Responsibility for building houses?
Responsibility for buying or selling copper?
Responsibility for buying or selling crops and livestock?
Responsibility for buying or selling diamonds?
Responsibility for buying or selling gold
Responsibility for buying or selling tobacco?
Responsibility for buying/selling diamonds?
Responsibility for creating jobs?
Responsibility for helping farmers borrow money?
Responsibility for providing schools.
Responsibility for reducing crime
Responsibility for reducing crime?
Responsibility to help farmers borrow money?
Responsible economic conditions
Returned to old system of South African rule?
Rewards promised.
Right to beat vs. no use of violence
Risky starting new business VS good ideas to start business.
Roof material
Roofing
Routine affected by tired ness.
Safe from crime and violence
Safe from crime and violence?
Safety five years ago
Safety from crime and violence
SAP
SAP supposed to do
SAs response to situation in Zimbabwe.
Satisfaction with democracy
Satisfaction with economic conditions
Satisfaction with economic conditions.
Satisfaction with performance of Chairman of Local Government Council
Satisfaction with performance of Deputy in National Assembly
Satisfaction with performance of judges/lawyers
Satisfaction with performance of member of parliament       4
Satisfaction with performance of political parties
Satisfaction with performance of Regional Commissioner
Satisfaction with performance of the Governor
Satisfaction with performance of the mayor of area Council
Satisfaction with performance of the President
Satisfaction with SAP
Satisfied ERP
Satisfied five years ago
Satisfied future
Satisfied general situation
Satisfied Ghanaian economy
Satisfied Nigerian economy
Satisfied own conditions
Satisfied own living conditions
Satisfied SAP
Satisfied Ugandan economy
Satisfied with condition of the Malian economy
Satisfied with democracy
Satisfied with general situation in the country today
Satisfied with life compared to one year ago
Satisfied with life in one year
Satisfied with life today compared with one year ago
Satisfied with own living conditions
Satisfied with Tanzania’s economy
Save, spend or borrow
School
School in the PSU
Score children rich/poor in future
Score parent rich/poor 10 years ago
Score self poor/rich today
Sector
Security of property
See any soldiers or army vehicles in PSU?
Self attacked or robbed
Self Home broken into
Self-reliance vs. dependence
Sell skills
Sell Skills
Sell skills and services
Sell skills or services
Selling consumer goods
Selling goods without trader's license
Settlement type
Sewage system in PSU.
Sex of respondent
Sex of Respondent
Sharia law vs. one legal system
Should have only one political party
Shut newspapers
Shutting down of newspapers, radio or tv stations?
Sign petition
Single most important problem facing South Africa.
Small gap
Small income gap between rich and poor and democracy.
Soldiers/army in the PSU/sector
Sometimes political affairs too complicated to understand
Sometimes political affairs too complicated to understand? Values :  1-6, 98-99
Sometimes political and govt. affairs are too complicated to understand?
Sometimes political and govt.. affairs are too complicated to understand? Values :  1-6, 98-99
South Africans are equal to each other.
Sport and recreation organization
Sport or recreation organization
Sport/rec assoc.
Spouse present
Start business
Start new business?
Start new business?       8
Start own business VS govt. employment.
Start own business VS govt.. employment.
Start time of interview
State
State elections honest
State Rep. performance
Stop travel
Stop/give way signs
Strong leader
Strong leader VS Democracy is best?
Stronger ties to group than to other Basotho.
Stronger ties to group than to other Batswana
Stronger ties to group than to other Malawians?
Stronger ties to group than to other South Africans.
Stronger ties to group than to other Zambians.
Stronger ties to group than to other Zimbabweans
Suburb
Suburb?
Supermarket
Supermarket (food/ clothing) in PSU.
Support for banning political parties?
Support for democracy
Support for Democracy
Support for dismissing judges?
Support for shutting down media?
Support for suspension of parliament and cancellation of elections?
Support for the suspension of parliament and cancellation of elections?
Support legislative checks and balances
Support or oppose judges dismissed for ruling against the government.
Support or oppose the banning of political parties?
Support or oppose the shutting down of newspapers, radio or tv stations?
Support or oppose the suspension of parliament and cancellation next election?
Support shutting down of newspapers, radio or tv stations?
Take care of children
Talk until consensus vs. accept differences
Tarred
Tax department has the right to make people pay taxes
Teach children about government
Television news
The army should come in to govern
The manner in which Namibia is governed.
The most important decisions should be left to experts
The name or initials of the enumerator who conducted the survey.
The way Botswana is governed?
This group is very different from other South Africans.
This interview, gender
Throwing rubbish
Throwing rubbish in public places
Time interview ended
Time interview started
Time of interview
Time spent caring for household members
Time spent caring for other household members
Time spent doing household work
Time spent producing food
Time spent taking care of children
Time spent working to earn money
Time to deal with problems vs. try another form
Time: care for children?
Time: care for others?
Time: earn money?
Time: household work?
Time: produce food?
Town halls
Town or city?
Town/City?
Town/Village
Townhalls or community buildings in PSU.
Trad rulers and government
Trade union/farmers’ organization
Trade/Farmer’s assoc.
Trader’s license
Traditional rule
Traditional system
Traffic lights working
Traffic lights/warden
Traffic signs
TRC was important for building a united SA nation.
Treated equally
Trees in the PSU/sector
Trust army
Trust banks
Trust big private corporations
Trust businesses
Trust CCM to preserve peace and tranquility in Tanzania
Trust chiefs
Trust churches
Trust District Assemblies
Trust Electoral Commission
Trust Electoral Commission       7
Trust Electoral Commission (CENI)
Trust GBC
Trust generally
Trust government broadcasting service
Trust government broadcasting services
Trust government newspapers
Trust independent broadcasting services
Trust independent newspapers
Trust law courts
Trust LC 5s
Trust Local Authority Council
Trust local government
Trust Local Government
Trust Malians from other tribes
Trust mosques
Trust most people
Trust National Assembly
Trust National Assembly (Parliament)
Trust national broadcaster ORTM
Trust national broadcaster RTD
Trust National Council
Trust neighbors
Trust NGO’s
Trust NGOs
Trust NRM
Trust opposition parties
Trust opposition parties to preserve peace and tranquility in Tanzania
Trust other ethnic groups
Trust other tribes
Trust own ethnic group
Trust own tribe
Trust Parliament
Trust police
Trust political parties
Trust President
Trust President Konare
Trust President Mkapa
Trust public corporations
Trust relatives
Trust ruling party
Trust small businesses/shopkeepers
Trust someone in your tribe
Trust State Government
Trust Tanzanians from other tribes
Trust the army
Trust the police
Trust trade /farmer unions
Trust trade unions and farmer organizations
Trust trade unions and farmers’ organizations
Trust trade unions/farmers’ organizations
Trust traders
Trust traditional leaders
Trust traditional rulers
Trust UJCC
Trust women's organizations
Trust your neighbors
Trust your relatives
Turn food
Turn health care
Turn school
Turn schooling
Turn to for cash
Turn to for electricity for your home
Turn to for food for family
Turn to for medical treatment
Turn to for schooling for children
Turn to for water for domestic use
Turn to police vs. take revenge
Turn water
TV
TV consequence
TV news
TV News Values, 0-5, 9
Two political parties needed
Type of area in which interview was conducted in?
Type of area in which interview was conducted?
Type of influential person contacted
Type of occupation?
Type of occupation?       5
Type of official?
Type of roof
Type of shelter in which respondent lives
Uganda a democracy?
Understand English
Unemployed
Unequally treated under the law
Ungraded dirt
Ungraded dirt roads
Uniting SAs into one nation.
Unsuccessful call – Reasons for Substitution of Household 1
Unsuccessful call – Reasons for Substitution of Household 2
Unsuccessful call – Reasons for Substitution of Household 3
Unsuccessful call – Reasons for Substitution of Household 4
Unsuccessful call – Reasons for Substitution of Household 5
Unsuccessful call – Reasons for Substitution of Household 6
Unsuccessful call – Reasons for Substitution of Household 7
Unsuccessful visit – HH1
Unsuccessful visit – HH2
Unsuccessful visit – HH3
Unsuccessful visit – HH4
Unsuccessful visit – HH5
Unsuccessful visit – HH6
Unsuccessful visit – HH7
Urban or Rural Primary Sampling Unit
urban/rural - GSS
Urban/rural - supervisors
Urban/Rural (interviewer)
Urban/Rural?
Use force or violent methods?
Use force or violent methods.
Use violence for political goals VS violence never justified
Variety of goods at high prices VS shortages at low prices?
Variety of market goods at high prices VS little variety.
Village
Village surveyed?
Violence for political goals VS Violence never justified
Violence never justified vs. sometimes necessary
Violence O.K.?
Violent conflicts within community
Violent conflicts within nation
Violent conflicts within your family
Vote in referendum
Voted 1996
Voted 1998
Voted at Assembly
Voted for President
Voted in Local Government and National Assembly elections
Voted in municipal elections of 1998 or 1999
Voted in National Assembly elections
Voted in neighborhood, hamlet and 1999 village council elections
Voted in Presidential election
Voted in Presidential election       1
Voted in the 1994 elections VS not voting?
Voted local government
Voted President
Voted state assembly
Voting doesn’t matter vs it improves lives
Voting freedom
Want children to think of themselves as part of group.
Ward
Was respondent blind, or nearly blind?
Was respondent’s attitude:  at ease?
Was respondent’s attitude:  cooperative?
Was respondent’s attitude:  friendly?
Was respondent’s attitude:  honest?
Was respondent’s attitude:  patient?
Was respondent’s attitude: interested?
Was the PSU clearly sign-posted the last 10km of journey?
Was there any pavement along roads?
Water fees
Water-filled dam or lake
Water-filled dam or lake in last 10km of journey?
Water-filled river
Water-filled river in last 10km of journey?
Way  you vote doesn’t matter VS it matters       6
Way you vote will make a difference VS it won't make a difference.
Way you vote will make a difference VS no difference.
Wealth differences ok vs. avoid large gaps
Wealthy Namibians provide for community needs
Wealthy Nigerians provide for community needs
Wealthy people as leaders vs. ordinary people
Wealthy people vs. ordinary people
Were physically threatened during interview?
Were respondent’s answers influenced by anyone?
Were the traffic lights in working order?
Were there any pavement along roads?
Were there any pavements along roads?
Were there any police or police vehicles at PSU or EA?
Were there any soldiers or army vehicles?
Were they in working order?
Were you approached by community/party representatives?
Were you physically threatened during interview?
What consequences?
What do you think about parliament’s job performance?
What do you think about the way parliament has performed its job?
What does democracy mean to you
What does democracy mean?
What if anything would you do about closing of newspapers, radio and tv stations?
What if anything would you do about closing of newspapers, radio and tv stations?       7
What if anything would you do about shutdown?
What in your opinion is a Deputy to the National Assembly supposed to do?
What is member of parliament supposed to do
What is SAP supposed to do
What is the highest grade, std, form completed?
What is your home language?
What is your opinion of the president's job performance?
What is your present or last occupation?
What other methods used to obtain food?
What other methods would you use protect your home?
What other methods would you use to obtain cash income?
What other methods would you use to obtain food?
What other methods would you use to obtain health care?
What other methods would you use to protect your home?
What other safety measures would you use?
What party are you close to?
What proportion of questions did respondent struggle to answer?
What proportion of questions did respondent struggle with?
What rewards?
What safety measure do you have for your home?
What safety measures do you have for your home?
What should a person do who is waiting for government permit
What type of influential person did you contact?
What type of influential person was it?
What type of official did you contact?
What type of shelter does respondent live in?
What was respondent's attitude during interview?
What was respondent's attitude?
What was respondent’s attitude?
What was roof made of?
What would you do about banned political parties?
What would you do about banning of political parties?
What would you do about dismissed judges who ruled against the govt.?
What would you do about dismissed judges who ruled against the govt..?
What would you do about dismissed judges?
What would you do about the suspension of parliament and cancellation of elections?
Where was interview conducted?
Where was the interview conducted?
Which group's interest does govt. mostly represent?
Which group's interest is mostly represented by govt.?
Which group's interest is mostly represented by govt..?
Which identity groups
Which is true for you with regards to 1996 national election?
Which is true for you with regards to 1996 national elections?
Which is true for you with regards to 1998 national elections?
Which is true for you with regards to 1999 national elections?
Which minority?
Which newspaper
Which newspaper 7
Which office(s)
Which one
Which party
Which party are you close to?
Which party are you close to?       3
Which party?
Which region?
Which services?
Who assists with cooking fuel
Who assists with electricity
Who assists with food
Who assists with income
Who assists with medical care
Who assists with water
Who do you think sent us to do this interview?
Who is in power makes a difference VS doesn't  matter
Who is in power makes a difference VS it doesn't make a difference
Who is in power makes a difference VS it doesn’t matter.
Who is in power makes a difference VS no difference
Who is in power makes a difference VS no difference.
Who is the deputy president?
Who is the Finance Minister.
Who is the minister of finance?
Who is the Premier?
Who is the Prime Minister?
Who is the vice president?
Who is the Vice President?
Who is your local councilor?
Who is your member of the District Development Committee?
Who is your regional councilor?
Who is your representative on the community or urban council?
Who promised?
Who resolves conflicts - 1st response
Who resolves conflicts - 2nd response
Who resolves conflicts - 3rd response
Who responsible for economic conditions
Who should take responsibility for schools and clinics?
Why contact leader or attended community meeting
Why not registered
Willingness to live under non-elected leader.
Without electricity
Without food
Without fuel to cook your food
Without health care
Without healthcare
Without income
Without school
Without schooling
Without water
Women cabinet ministers
Women equal rights vs follow traditional law
Women join political organizations
Women lead political organizations
Women local councilors
Women MPs       3
Women own land vs not own land
Women President
Women quota needed vs unnecessary
Women reps. make a difference
Women rights vs. traditional role
Women should vote
Women subject to traditional laws vs. equal rights
Women’s organization
Women’s place at home vs speak about politics
Work for candidate
Work for political candidate or party?
Work to earn money
Worried/ anxious about tiredness felt
Worried/ anxious about tiredness felt?
Would want children to think of themselves as part of this group.
Would you attend a demonstration or protest march?
Write a letter to newspaper?
Write newspaper
You do not have sufficient info about political life and govt?
You feel proud to belong to this group
You group economic conditions compared to others
Your financial situation during the past year
Your group treated unfairly by govt.
Your group's economic conditions compare to others.
Your group's economic conditions compared to other groups.
Your group's economic conditions compared to others.
Your living conditions 12 months ago
Your living conditions vs. other Namibians
Your living conditions vs. other Nigerians
Your local councilor?
Zambians are equal to each other.
Zimbabweans are equal to each other?
