0-14, 9995, 9998, 9999, -1
0-15, 9995, 9998, 9999, -1
0-2, 9, 998, -1
0-3, 9
0-3, 9, 998, -1
0-5, 9
0, 1, 9, 998, -1
1-111
1-4, 9, 998, -1
1-5, 9
1-5, 9         52
1-5, 9, 998, -1
1. For peace, forgive those that committed crimes 2. Individuals who commit crime should not stand for elected offices
1. Liberian security forces can now take over and UNMIL leave.  2. Liberia security forces need additional training.
2011 presidential election: equal treatment of all political parties and candidates
2011 presidential election: vote counting and proclamation of final results
740-765
A corrupted local development assistant can be sanctioned
A woman can become the prime minister or president of a Muslim state
Abolish chieftainship vs. retain chieftainship
Active demand for responsible management for govt. to invest oil revenues in infrastructure development
Active demand for responsible management for govt. to invest oil revenues to improve quality of public service
Active demand for responsible management for govt. to pay a regular (monthly) cash income from the oil revenues
Activities grassroots political party activists engaged in during election campaigns and elections? 1st response
Adapted from Zambia 96 *Not asked in Swaziland
Adapted from Zambia96  *Not asked in Swaziland
Affect of the full federation of East African States on availability of jobs, markets and trading opportunities
Affect of the full federation of East African States on control of corruption
Affect of the full federation of East African States on management of national and cross-national conflicts
Affect of the full federation of East African States on prices of essential commodities
Affect of the full federation of East African States on strengthening of democracy
Affect of the full federation of East African States on value of the local currency
African Union Help
Afrobarometer Round 2 *Not asked in Swaziland
Afrobarometer Round 5 *Not asked in Swaziland
Age
Agree with the proposal by the president to remove the right to bail for people accused of participating in public protests or demonstrations
All foreigners who buy property in Mauritius should be granted permanent residence status
Allow political parties vs ban political parties
Anti Corruption Bureau is neutral body vs. partial body
Anti-Corruption Commission acts as neutral body vs favours particular people/parties
Anti-Corruption Commission avoids politically important suspects vs targets all levels of corruption
Anti-corruption commission neutral vs favors particular groups/people
Anti-corruption commission targets petty offenders vs all levels of corruption
Approached by community/ party representatives
Are you aware of any policy by government that offers free health care?
Armed forces must continue to be active in politics vs. Armed forces are for defence and security
Assembly man
Attend a community meeting
Attend a demonstration or protest march
Aware of any planning and budgeting meetings organized by local council III
Being South African is a very important part of how you see yourself
Benefits accorded to former exiles, war veterans and “struggle children” weakens reconciliation
Benin’s legal system is truly helpful to citizens
Benin’s legal system is truly independent
Cabinet ministers declare to Indep. body vs declare to President
Called or joined social or political discussions on radio
Cell phone service in the PSU/EA
Changes to be made to Union of Tanganyika and Zanzibar
Check with others
Children to think of themselves as South African
Choose leaders through elections vs. other methods
Choose religious or national identify
Citizens must pay taxes vs. no need to tax the people
Civil society help the people vs. civil society advance their interests
Civil society organizations oppose the executive
Close to political party
Combat drug trafficking in Mauritius by Customs Officers
Combat drug trafficking in Mauritius by Municipal and District Councilors
Combat drug trafficking in Mauritius by Politicians
Combat drug trafficking in Mauritius by Prisons Officers
Combat drug trafficking in Mauritius by the Government Ministers
Combat drug trafficking in Mauritius by the Judges
Combat drug trafficking in Mauritius by the Magistrates
Combat drug trafficking in Mauritius by the Members of the National Assembly
Combat drug trafficking in Mauritius by the Police
Comparing the qualities of 2011 and those of 2005, would you say the quality of 2011 elections was better or worse than 2005 elections?
Conditions for amnesty
Constituency
Constitution ok vs. review constitution
Constitutional review: Complete rewrite vs. few amendments
Contact a bucopho
Contact a National Council Representative
Contact a regional councillor
Contact an official of a civil society organization
Contact local government councillor
Contact local government councilor
Contact Member of National Assembly
Contact Member of the National Assembly
Contact MP
Contact Municipal/District councillor
Contact official of a government agency
Contact political party official
Contacted a government department to raise an issue
Contacted radio, TV or a newspaper to complain about an issue
Corruption: CSOs/NGOs
Corruption: District Chief Exe
Corruption: government officials
Corruption: judges and magistrates
Corruption: Judges and Magistrates
Corruption: local authority councilors
Corruption: local government chairmen and their officials
Corruption: local government councilors
Corruption: Members of Parliament
Corruption: Members of the National Assembly
Corruption: office of the Presidency
Corruption: office of the President/Prime Minister
Corruption: office of the Prime Minister
Corruption: police
Corruption: prevention and combating of corruption bureau (PCCB)
Corruption: Regional Councilors
Corruption: Regional governors
Corruption: Representatives of National Council
Corruption: state assembly members
Corruption: state governors and officials in their office
Corruption: tax officials
Corruption: Tax officials: Ministry of Finance, Inland Revenue
Corruption: the late president Bingu wa Mutharika and officials in his office
Corruption: The President and officials in his office
Corruption: The President and Officials in his Office
Corruption: The Prime Minister and officials in his office
Corruption: Traditional Leaders
Cost of living and food over the last six months
Councils and chiefs should work independently vs should learn to work together
Country in alphabetical order
Country’s economic condition compared to 12 months ago
Country’s economic condition in 12 months time
Country’s present economic condition
County
Courts make binding decisions
Creation of more States will improve development of Nigeria vs. will have no impact on development
CSOs in Malawi work for the interest of their respective donors and not of people of Malawi
Current constitution: Left unchanged vs. reviewed
Date of interview
Declaration cover MPs and senior govt officials as well vs Ministers only declare sufficient
Democracy is a system that contradicts the teachings of Islam
Democracy negatively affects social and ethical values
Democratic regimes are indecisive
Democratic systems are not effective at maintaining order and stability
Development and relief NGOs provide services that cannot be provided by any other agency
Development of Lesotho only if part of RSA
Devolution of power
Difficulty to avoid paying taxes
Difficulty to find out how government uses the revenues
Difficulty to find out what taxes or fees to pay
Difficulty to obtain help from the police
Difficulty to obtain household services
Difficulty to obtain identity document
Difficulty to obtain medical treatment
Difficulty to obtain primary school placement
Direct presidential election vs. indirect election
Discuss politics
District
District commissioners listen
Do you know how many times someone can legaly be elected president of Sierra Leone?
Do you know which political party has the most seats in parliament?
Do you know whose responsibility it is to determine whether a law is constitutional or not ?
Education of respondent
Education recipient priority: boy vs ability
Efficacy of government’s anti-corruption policy
Elected M/M/DCE will be accountable and responsive at local level
Elected M/M/DCEs with different political party to that of the President undermine the President
Electing M/M/DCEs lower chances of persons from disadvantaged groups getting elected
Election incentives offered
Election of M/M/DCEs promote grassroots participation in local governance
Election of MPs: Vote for one who benefits constituency alone vs. Benefit country
Elections 2010: Offer something to people in neighbourhood or village for votes
Elections 2010: Offer something to respondent for votes
Elections incentives offered to neighbours
Elections incentives offered to you
Electoral Commission is neutral body vs. partial body
Electricity grid in the PSU/EA
Employment status
Empowering president to appoint regional governors and advisors
ESCOM officials listen
Essential characteristics of democracy: equality, fair election, etc
Essential characteristics of democracy: equality, fair election, etc.
Essential characteristics of democracy: law and order, job, etc
Essential characteristics of democracy: law and order, job, etc.
Essential characteristics of democracy: legislature, government, people etc.
Essential characteristics of democracy: participation, no corruption, courts etc.
Establish a seven year (one-time) term
Establish mandatory term limits for representatives
Ethnic group treated unfairly
Ethnic group treated unfairly by the government
Ethnic or national identity
Extent of democracy
Feel threatened
FM radio stations should discuss any topic vs. gov’t should regulate discussion topics
Foreigners take jobs and benefits
Free schooling v. better educational standards
Freedom to choose who to vote for
Freedom to join any political organizations
Freedom to say what you think
Freeness and fairness of national presidential runoff election in June 2008
Freeness and fairness of the last national election
Freeness and fairness of the last state’s Assembly election
Freeness and fairness of the last state’s gubernatorial election
Gender of respondent
GNU undermines democracy Vs. GNU demonstration of mature democracy
Gone on strike in order to demand a higher salary or better working conditions
Gov't right not to disclose contracts vs should disclose to parliament details of the contracts made with the oil exploration compainess in order to minimize corruption
Gov’t. improve public health system vs. keep present health system
Gov’t. restrict access to any info. vs. national security info. only
Government bans organization vs. join any
Government bans organizations vs. join any
Government doing to address the current increase in cost of living and food
Government gets things done but no citizen influence vs. gov’t accountable to citizens
Government gets things done but no citizen influence vs. government accountable to citizens
Government gets things done but no citizen influence vs. Gvt. accountable to citizens
Government gets things done but no citizen influence vs. GVT. accountable to citizens
Government health facility officials listen
Government health services
Government like a parent vs. an employee
Government primary school head teachers listen
government secondary school head teachers listen
Government should bear cost for free health care vs. Citizens paying additional tax for universal health care
Government should encourage local enterprises to recruit labor from foreign countries
Government should spend more to help rural poor vs urban poor
Government’s economic policies helped most people vs hurt most people
Governments of national unity: All parties vs. only those with majorities
Govt create fund dedicated to development of region with oil resource vs. pursue development on basis of resource endowments of region
Govt. appoint party foot soldiers into public service regardless of their qualification and skills
Govt. awards contracts for projects on basis of party membership and not expertise
Govt. distribute oil revenues equally to all citizens in the form of cash transfers
Govt. give country's oil revenue to public enterprises or private sector entities as loans
Govt. make appointments on the basis of party membership and competency
Grade you would give our current system of government with regular elections where everyone can vote and there are at least two political parties
Grade you would give the political system of this country as you expect it to be in 10 years time
Grade you would give the way the country was governed under apartheid
Group/institution with greatest impact in fight against corruption in Kenya
Gvt. performance in maintaining public safety and security
Gvt. performance in managing conflict between Moslems and Christians
Gvts. have retained arrangement for fear of losing partisan advantage gained by M/M/DCEs
Had something stolen from house
Handling addressing educational needs
Handling addressing terrorist threats by Al-Shabaab terror group
Handling and maintaining roads and bridges
Handling combating HIV/AIDS
Handling creating jobs
Handling distributing welfare payments to those who are entitled to them
Handling empowering people with disabilities
Handling empowering women
Handling ensuring enough to eat
Handling ensuring the availability of foreign exchange
Handling ensuring the availability of paraffin, petrol and diesel
Handling fighting corruption
Handling illegal migration of Basotho to South Africa
Handling improving basic health services
Handling improving living standards of the poor
Handling judiciary reform
Handling keeping prices down
Handling maintaining roads and bridges
Handling managing immigration
Handling managing natural disasters such as flooding, droughts etc.
Handling managing the economy
Handling narrowing income gaps
Handling of revenue from natural resources
Handling protecting the environment
Handling providing reliable electric supply
Handling providing water and sanitation services
Handling reducing crime
Handling reducing transport accidents such as road and marine
Handling resolving political violence
Handling resolving violent conflict between communities
Handling resolving violent inter community conflict
Handling resolving violent inter community conflicts
Handling uniting all South Africans into one nation
Have been physically attacked
Have you or any member of your family benefitted from the free health care policy?
Health clinic in the PSU/EA
Help from African Union
Help from the African Union
Higher taxes with more gov’t services vs. lower taxes with fewer gov’t services
Higher taxes with more gov’t services vs. lower taxes with fewer gov’t services         25
Higher taxes with more govt services vs. lower taxes with fewer govt services
Household back-checked?
How effective are civil society organizations in doing their stated objectives
How effective the news media reveals government mistakes and corruption
How likely government will solve this problem within the next five years
How likely powerful find out your vote
How many mobile phones in household
How much do the opinions of electorates influence the actions of your member of parliament?
How much do you know about government’s free health care policy?
How much do you think being a relative or closed friend of influential person can help in gaining broad membership?
How much do you think being a relative or closed friend of influential person can help in gaining employment in government funded community projects?
How much do you think being a relative or closed friend of influential person can help in gaining government's contracts?
How much do you think being a relative or closed friend of influential person can help in gaining Public Service employment?
How much do you think Central Government is doing to address the problem of street children?
How much do you think families are doing to address the problem of street children?
How much do you think Local Government is doing to address the problem of street children?
How much do you think Non-Governmental Organisations are doing to address the problem of street children?
How much do you think Traditional Authorities are doing to address the problem of street children?
How much fear political intimidation or violence
How much government doing to address increase in cost of living and commodity prices
How often access the internet
How often avoid paying taxes
How often call or joinsocial discussions on FM radio channels
How often careful what you say
How often careful what you say about politics
How often disabilities treated unequally by employers
How often disabilities treated unequally by police and courts
How often disabilities treated unequally by traditional leaders
How often disabilities treated unequally under the law
How often does your member of parliament actually come to visit this constituency?
How often feared crime in home
How often felt unsafe walking in neighbourhood
How often gone without a cash income
How often gone without cash income
How often gone without cooking fuel
How often gone without electricity
How often gone without food
How often gone without medical care
How often gone without water
How often information on oil revenue, expenditure and savings should be made available to citizens
How often listen to social discussions on FM radio channels
How often news media abuse its freedom
How often news media abuses its freedom
How often obtain household services without paying
How often officials unpunished
How often opposition parties silenced by government
How often ordinary people unpunished
How often party competition leads to conflict
How often people treated unequally
How often people treated unequally under the law
How often president ignore parliament
How often president ignores laws
How often president ignores parliament
How often Prime Minister ignore parliament
How often Prime Minister ignores laws
How often religious group treated unfairly
How often send or receive a text message
How often send or receive money
How often should your member of parliament come to visit this constituency?
How often the Prime Minister ignores laws
How often the Prime Minister ignores the National Assembly
How often use a cell phone
How often use a cell phone to make or receive call
How often use a computer
How often use cell phone to send or receive a text message
How often use cell phone to send or receive mobile phone credit
How often use cell phone to send or receive money
How often use the internet
How often women treated unequally by employers
How often women treated unequally by police and courts
How often women treated unequally by traditional leaders
How often, discuss the problem with other people in your community
How often, discuss the problems with other community, religious, or traditional leaders
How often, join with others in your community to address the problem
How often, make a complaint to local government officials, for example, by going in person or by writing a letter?
How often, make a complaint to other government officials, for example, by going in person or by writing a letter?
How often, write a letter to a newspaper or call a radio show
How should people be made accountable
How well or badly is the government’s free health care policy performing?
How would you evaluate NEC performance in managing the October 2011 National elections?
Human rights and governance NGOs in Malawi work in the interest of opposition parties
Husbands have right to beat wives
Identity group
Identity group treated unfairly
If a victim of crime, whom to go to first for assistance
Illegal migration of Basotho to South Africa is negative for Lesotho vs. is necessary for economic survival
Importance of religion
In a Muslim country, non-Muslims should enjoy less political rights than Muslims
In your view, what are those factors that contributed to the 2011 post election violence?
Incidence of physical violence against children?
Incidence of physical violence against women?
Incidence of sexual violence against children?
Incidence of sexual violence against women?
Influence by others
Inkhundla Council Members listen
Inkhundla: handling delivery of social services
Inkhundla: handling managing use of land
Inkhundla: handling planning and coordinating development
Inkhundla: handling providing and maintaining infrastructure
Interest in public affairs
Internet
Interviewer language
Interviewer rural or urban
Interviewer urban or rural
Interviewer’s age
Interviewer’s age **
Interviewer’s education
Interviewer’s gender
Interviewer’s home language
Interviewer’s home language **
Interviewer’s name
Interviewer’s number
Interviewer’s number **
It is desirable to create one united South African nation out of all the different groups who live in this country
It is possible to create such a united South African nation
Join others to raise an issue
Keep constitution vs change constitution
Labor unions oppose the execute
Language of interview
Language of interview **
Language of respondent
Last national election: attend a campaign meeting or rally
Last national election: persuade others to vote for a certain candidate or party
Last national election: work for a candidate or party
Leaders help own community vs. treat all equally
Length of interview
Level of democracy: Britain
Level of democracy: China
Level of democracy: former Colonial Power
Level of democracy: Germany
Level of democracy: in the future
Level of democracy: Iran
Level of democracy: Israel
Level of democracy: Saudi Arabia
Level of democracy: South Africa
Level of democracy: ten years ago
Level of democracy: today
Level of democracy: Turkey
Level of democracy: UK
Level of democracy: under dikgosi rule
Level of democracy: under President Kerekou’s PRPB regime
Level of democracy: under previous non-democratic regime
Level of democracy: under South African rule
Level of democracy: USA
Level of democracy: Zimbabwe
Listened to social and political discussions on radio
Local authority councilors listen
Local government councilors listen
Local govt. handling Assembly's program of work known to ordinary people
Local govt. handling health standards in restaurants
Local govt. handling keeping community clean
Local govt. handling maintaining local markets
Local govt. handling maintaining roads
Local govt. handling the Assembly's budget
Local govt. handling the use of land
Local Swazi organizations and NGOs help country vs do not help
Locality
Location of toilet or latrine
M/M/DCE be elected vs. M/M/DCE be appointed
Main occupation
Main reason for not reporting crimes to the police
Main reason people do not report anti-corruption cases to authorities
Main reason why people do not report corruption cases to the authorities
Managing the issue of fuel subsidies
Market stalls in the PSU/EA
Mauritian Government fully respects the autonomy of Rodrigues and the Rodrigues Regional Assembly
Mauritian Government has the right to lease Agalega to another country
Mauritian Government should continue to fight to regain its sovereignty on Chagos Archipelago
Mauritian government should encourage foreigners to buy property
Mauritians living abroad and retaining their Mauritian nationality should be allowed to vote in general elections
Media checks government vs. avoid negative reporting
Member of religious group
Member of voluntary association or community group
Members of National Assembly listen
Men only as leaders vs. women leaders ok
Men only as leaders vs. women leaders OK
Merger of the Economic and Financial Crime Commission and the Independent Corrupt Practices Commission
MLW. Sometimes teachers have the right to beat pupils for the purpose of disciplining them
More Local government areas will improve development of local communities vs. will have no impact
Most important challenges for the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission
Most important challenges for the Independent Corrupt Practices Commission
Most important problems – 1st response
Most important problems – 1st response **
Most important problems – 2nd response
Most important problems – 2nd response **
Most important problems – 3rd response
Most important problems – 3rd response **
Most people can be trusted
Most to blame for current increased cost of living
MPs can leave parties without by-election vs. by-election required
MPs listen
MPs: Party Wishes Vs. Electorate Wishes
Much of the oil will be used by the gov't for the benefit of all Ugandans
Municipal/District council handling health standards in restaurants
Municipal/District council handling keeping community clean
Municipal/District council handling maintaining local markets
Municipal/District council handling maintaining roads
Municipal/District council handling the use of land
Municipal/district councilors listen
National Assembly makes laws vs. president does
Need to revise the constitution
Newspaper news
Newspapers free to publish vs. government closes
Newspapers free to publish vs. government control
Not allow floor crossing by Councilors vs. Allow floor crossing
Not allow floor crossing by MPs vs. Allow floor crossing
Number of adults in household
Number of calls
Number of political parties offered a gift in exchange for vote
Numéro du répondant
Obey government always vs. only if vote for it
On the same scale, where 0 means completely undemocratic and 10 means completely democratic, where would you place each of the following countries, or haven’t you heard enough to say: Iran?
Opposition parties examine government vs. cooperate
Opposition parties oppose the executive
Others present
Overall direction of the country
Own motor vehicle, car or motorcycle
Own motor vehicle, car, or motorcycle
Own radio
Own television
Parents have right to beat children to discipline them
Parliament makes laws vs. president does
Participated in community management of services
Pay bribe for: avoid problem with police
Pay bribe for: document or permit
Pay bribe for: school placement
Pay bribe for: treatment at local health clinic or hospital
Pay bribe for: water or sanitation services
Payments made: income taxes
Payments made: license fees to local government
Payments made: property rates or taxes
Payments required to powerful people
Payments required: general sales tax
Payments required: income taxes
Payments required: license fees to local government
Payments required: property rates or taxes
Payments required: self-employer taxes
Payments required: value added tax
Payments required: Value Added Tax
People must obey the law
People must pay taxes
People practising same sex marriages have the right to do so
People should realize we are South Africans first, and stop thinking of themselves in terms of the group they belong to
People with disabilities should have equal rights and receive same treatment
Perceived survey sponsor
Percentage of oil revenue used to support annual budget vs. use to finance current consumption
Performance of Electoral Commission in conducting April 2011 elections
Performance: Appointed Regional Governor
Performance: district chief executive
Performance: Elected Local Authority Councilor
Performance: Elected Regional Councilor
Performance: late president Bingu wa Mutharika
Performance: local government councilor
Performance: locally elected bucopho
Performance: Member of the House of Assembly
Performance: Members of the National Assembly
Performance: MP/National Assembly rep.
Performance: Officials of the Economic and Financial Crime Commission
Performance: Officials of the Independent Corrupt Practices Commission
Performance: President
Performance: President Hifipunye Pohamba
Performance: President Sir Anerood Jugnauth
Performance: President/Prime Minister
Performance: Prime Minister
Performance: Prime Minister Navin Ramgoolam
Performance: Prime Minister Raila Odinga
Performance: Provincial Premier
Performance: Representatives to the National Council
Performance: Senator
Performance: State governor
Performance: Your elected Municipal/District councilor
Performance: Your member of Constitution Drafting Committee
Performance: Your Member of the National Assembly
Physical punishment a school
Physical punishment at home
Physically threatened
Piped water system in the PSU/EA
Police in the PSU/EA
Police or police vehicles in the PSU/EA
Police station in the PSU/EA
Political interference has made it impossible for police to arrest party foot soldiers involved in criminal activities
Political parties divisive vs. many parties needed
Political party foot soldier activities that border on criminality must be prosecuted by police
Political party foot soldiers could threaten peace and security of country if left unchecked
Political party foot soldiers have no right to special treatment by govt. in spite of efforts to get their parties elected
Political party foot soldiers toil for their parties vrs expect material rewards after winning political power
Political party foot soldiers who toiled to get parties elected are legitimate and should be satisfied by govt
Politics and government too complicated
Post office in the PSU/EA
Post-office in the PSU/EA
Prefer identity group or national identity
President free to act vs. obey the laws and courts
President monitored by parliament vs. free to act on own
President’s ethnicity not important if does a good job
Presidential two term limit vs. no term limits
Presidential two term limits vs. no term limits
Prevent immigrants from moving into your neighborhood
Prevent immigrants from operating a business in your area
Previous interview, gender
Prime Minister free to act vs. obey the laws and courts
Prime Minister monitored by parliament vs. free to act on own
Prime Minister two term limit vs. no term limits
Private health services
Private print and broadcasting media oppose the executive
Problems with public clinic: absent doctors
Problems with public clinic: demand for illegal payments
Problems with public clinic: dirty facilities
Problems with public clinic: lack of attention/ respect
Problems with public clinic: lack of medicine/supplies
Problems with public clinic: long waiting time
Problems with public clinic: too expensive
Problems with public schools: absent teachers
Problems with public schools: overcrowded classrooms
Problems with public schools: poor conditions of facilities
Problems with public schools: poor teaching
Problems with public schools: textbooks and supplies
Problems with public schools: too expensive
Problems with schools: absent teachers
Problems with schools: overcrowded classrooms
Problems with schools: poor facilities
Problems with schools: poor teaching
Problems with schools: textbooks and supplies
Problems with schools: too expensive
Problems with the way local government is run
Proportion difficulty answering
Proud of nationality
Province or region
Public officials under investigation: Resign Immediately vs. Remain in Office
Public print and broadcasting media oppose the executive
Public vetting of government officials necessary vs. too invasive
Quality of 2009 elections
Quality of April 2011 elections compared with the 2007 elections
Quota system of selection to universities is fair vs. unfair
Race of respondent
Radio news
Rate of involvement: Don't know
Rate of involvement: I attended the meeting/s but did not speak
Rate of involvement: I collected information for the meeting/s
Rate of involvement: I made a written submission to the meeting/s organizers
Rate of involvement: I mobilized people to attend the meeting/s
Rate of involvement: I organized the meeting/s
Rate of involvement: I spoke at the meeting/s
Rate of performance: community development and welfare
Rate of performance: improving the quality of education
Rate of performance: maintaining local markets places
Rate of performance: maintaining local roads
Rate of performance: provision of safe water supply
Rate of performance: provision the quality of agricultural extension services
Rate performance: admininstering, managing and regulating the USE of land
Rate performance: good quality service in public health facilities
Reason for Unsuccessful Call Household 1
Reason for Unsuccessful Call Household 2
Reason for Unsuccessful Call Household 3
Reason for Unsuccessful Call Household 4
Reason for Unsuccessful Call Household 4         7
Reason for Unsuccessful Call Household 5
Reason for Unsuccessful Call Household 6
Reason for Unsuccessful Call Household 6*
Reason for Unsuccessful Call Household 7
Reasons for not reporting corruption
Received food for children
Received free visits or medicines
Received pension or grant
Refused to pay for services provided by government like water, electricity or property rates
Refused to pay tax or fee to government
Regional councilors listen
Reject apartheid
Reject Islamic law system without elections or political parties
Reject military rule
Reject one-man rule
Reject one-party rule
Religion of respondent
Religion of respondent **
Religious denominations oppose the executive
Religious leaders like imams, preachers and priests should not interfere in voters’ decisions in elections.
Remove age limit from the constitution
Remove term limits from the constitution
Reported the incident to the police
Representatives to the National Council listen
Respondent at ease
Respondent cooperative
Respondent friendly
Respondent honest
Respondent interested
Respondent number
Respondent number/QID
Respondent patient
Responsibility: Local councilor
Right or wrong: attending a non-violent demonstration or protest march
Right or wrong: not paying for the government services
Right or wrong: not paying the taxes
Right or wrong: using force or violence during a protest
Right to be citizen: born in country with one non-citizen parent
Right to be citizen: born in country with two non-citizen parents
Right to be citizen: hold dual citizenship
Right to be citizen: husband of citizen wife
Right to be citizen: lived and worked in country
Right to be citizen: wife of citizen husband
Roadblocks by local community in the PSU/EA
Roadblocks by police/army in the PSU/EA
Roadblocks by private security in the PSU/EA
Roadblocks/booms by local community in the PSU/EA
Roadblocks/booms by private security in the PSU/EA
Roof of respondent's home
SADC protocol: Availability of jobs, markets and trading opportunities
SADC protocol: Control of Corruption
SADC protocol: Management of national and cross-national conflicts
SADC protocol: Stabilisation of prices of basic goods
SADC protocol: Strengthening democracy
Satisfaction with democracy
Satisfaction with implementation of the Kenya Constitution of 2010
School in the PSU/EA
Separation of powers: Ministers from outside Parliament vs. Ministers from Parliament
Sewage system in the PSU/EA
Since promulgation of the new constitution, appointments to public offices are:
Since promulgation of the new constitution, discipline within political parties is:
Since promulgation of the new constitution, fight against corruption is:
Since promulgation of the new constitution, integrity of the judiciary/courts is:
Since promulgation of the new constitution, respect for human rights is:
Since the 2007 violence, would you say your trust for courts of law has:
Since the 2007 violence, would you say your trust for IEBC has:
Since the 2007 violence, would you say your trust for members of other communities has:
Since the 2007 violence, would you say your trust for parliament has:
Since the 2007 violence, would you say your trust for religious leaders has:
Since the 2007 violence, would you say your trust for the army has:
Since the 2007 violence, would you say your trust for the police has:
Since the 2007 violence, would you say your trust for the president has:
Since the 2007 violence, would you say your trust for the prime minister has:
Since the 2007 violence, would you say your trust for the ruling coalition has:
Since the 2007 violence, would you say your trust for the vice president has:
Since the 2007 violence, would you say your trust for your local government councillor has:
Since the 2007 violence, would you say your trust for your member of parliament has:
Since the 2007 violence, would you say your trust for your neighbors has:
Since the 2007 violence, would you say your trust for your relatives has:
Small or medium scale business start-ups
Socio-cultural organizations make positive contribution vs. they do not help development
Soldiers or army vehicles in the PSU/EA
Soldiers/army in the PSU/EA
Sometimes husbands have the right to beat their wives
Sometimes parents have the right to beat their children
Sometimes parents have the right to beat their children for the purpose of disciplining them
Sometimes teachers have the right to beat pupils
Source of water for household use
South Africa protect politically persecuted people
Strengthen the power of national assembly in relation to government
Support for democracy
Taking over companies vs. Creating jobs
Tarred/paved road
Tarred/paved/concrete road
Teachers have right to beat pupils to discipline them
Television news
The country is better off if religious people hold public positions in the state.
The country should not use future oil revenues as guarantee for current borrowing
The country should save part of its oil revenue in a special account for future generations
The country use only some percentage of the oil revenue to be determined by parliament to finance annual budget
The country’s citizens are not prepared for a democratic system.
The DCEO is neutral vs DCEO favours certain people, parties or interests
The government should maintain a fuel subsidy vs. The fuel subsidy is too expensive
The INEC is a neutral body vs. INEC makes decisions that favour particular interest
The Nigerian Presidency should rotate across regions vs. anyone should be able to contest regardless of region
This interview, gender
This weighting variable adjusts the distribution of the sample based on individual selection probabilities (i.e. based on region, gender, urban-rural distribution, and size of household and enumeration area).
Time interview ended
Time interview started
To what extent does your member of parliament engage with electorates in the constituency ?
Traditional leaders listen
Transitional justice: Grant amnesty vs. should be held accountable
Tribe or ethnic group
Tribe or ethnic group **
Trouble answering- first response
Trouble answering- second response
Trouble answering- third response
Trust all Basotho Convention Party
Trust army
Trust Basotho National Party
Trust chiefs
Trust civil society organizations
Trust courts of law
Trust CSOs/NGOs
Trust electoral commission of Namibia
Trust foreigners living in South Africa
Trust government broadcasting service, you know SABC TV and radio
Trust independent broadcasting services like E TV, Radio 702 and community radio stations
Trust independent newspapers
Trust Inkhundla Council
Trust key leadership figure (President/Prime Minister)
Trust King
Trust Lesotho Broadcasting Services
Trust Lesotho Congress for Democracy Party
Trust Lesotho television or LTV
Trust Malawi Human Rights Commission
Trust Malawi Law Commission
Trust MDC-N
Trust MDC-T
Trust members of other communities
Trust Ministry of Finance, Inland Revenue
Trust national assembly
Trust National Assembly
Trust national council
Trust national electoral commission
Trust neighbors
Trust neighbours
Trust Non-Governmental Organisations
Trust Ombudsman
Trust opposition political parties
Trust orange democratic movement (ODM)
Trust other people you know
Trust parliament/national assembly
Trust party of national unity (PNU)
Trust police
Trust president
Trust prime minister
Trust private newspapers
Trust private radio stations
Trust Queen Mother
Trust regional council
Trust regional governor
Trust relatives
Trust religious leaders
Trust ruling party
Trust tax department
Trust the directorate of priority crime investigations, the hawks
Trust the late President Bingu wa Mutharika
Trust the media
Trust the national prosecuting authority, the NPA
Trust the office of the public protector
Trust the premier of this province
Trust The Prevention and Combating of Corruption Bureau (PCCB)
Trust the prime minister
Trust the ruling party
Trust the South African Revenue Service (SARS)
Trust the vice president
Trust your elected local government council
Trust your local authority council
Trust your provincial Government
Trust your state governor
TrustTrust Government Newspapers
Type of shelter of respondent
Under a democratic system, the country’s economic performance is weak
Urban or Rural Primary Sampling Unit
Usage and ownership of mobile phone
Use phone to: express your political opinions
Use phone to: identify political activities
Use phone to: learn about opposing political opinions
Used force or violence for a political cause
Violence never justified vs. sometimes necessary
Voluntarily institute a quota system for women for leadership vs. a law that automatically grants women some quota
Vote for which party
Vote for which party **
Vote for which party's candidate in 2004
Vote for which party's candidate in 2008
Vote for which party’s candidate
Voting in the most recent national election
Voting in the most recent national election in June 2008
Water board officials listen
What is the name of the Vice President?
What is the name of your Local Government Councilor?
What is the name of your Member of Parliament?
What is the name of your Ward Representative?
What is your main occupation?
Which party
Which party **
Who benefits most from fuel subsidies
Who do you think has primary responsibility of addressing the problem of street children?
Who responsible: Inkhundla Council Members do jobs
Who responsible: local authority councilors do jobs
Who responsible: local councilors do jobs
Who responsible: Members of the National Assembly do their jobs
Who responsible: MPs do jobs
Who responsible: municipal councilors do jobs
Who responsible: Municipal/District councilors do their jobs
Who responsible: president does job
Who responsible: President/Prime Minister does job
Who responsible: prime minister does job
Who responsible: Prime Minister does job
Who responsible: Regional Councilors do jobs
Who responsible: Regional Governors do jobs
Who responsible: Representatives of the National Assembly do jobs
Who responsible: State governors do their jobs
Who responsible: The President does his job
Who responsible: The Prime Minister does his job
Who should lead constitutional review process
Why avoid paying taxes
Why avoid paying taxes **
Willingness to live under gov’t. without regular elections
Women and men should have equal rights in making a decision to divorce
Women and men should have equal work opportunities
Women have equal rights vs. subject to traditional laws
Women must eagerly compete vs. having a quota system
Women’s share of inheritance should be equal to that of men
Would you disapprove or approve that a law should be passed to limit the amount of money that an individual or company can contribute to a political party?
Would you disapprove or approve that political parties should be compelled by law to disclose the source of their funds?
Would you disapprove or approve that political parties that win at least 10% of seats in House of Representative receive public funding?
Your living conditions compared to 12 months ago
Your living conditions in 12 months time
Your living conditions vs. others
Your present living conditions
Your relationship with political party you feel close to
