-1
[[country]ians] are very diverse. they come from different religions, ethnic group, political parties, and economic and social backgrounds. overall, would you say that there is more that unites all [[country]ians] as one people, or more that divides them
[batswana] are very diverse. they come from different religions, ethnic group, political parties, and economic and social backgrounds. overall, would you say that there is more that unites all [batswana] as one people, or more that divides them
[country]ans are very diverse. they come from different religions, ethnic group, political parties, and economic and social backgrounds. overall, would you say that there is more that unites all [country]ans as one people, or more that divides them
[country]n are very diverse. they come from different religions, ethnic group, political parties, and economic and social backgrounds. overall, would you say that there is more that unites all [country]ns as one people, or more that divides them
[country]ns are very diverse. they come from different religions, ethnic group, political parties, and economic and social backgrounds. overall, would you say that there is more that unites all [country]ns as one people, or more that divides them
[if “agree” or “strongly agree” to q78a-sud] what do you think is the best option for prosecuting the former president omar al-bashir and the other accused, or haven’t you heard enough to say? should they be prosecuted by:
[if respondent has an occupation, i.e. responses on q95b other than 0=never had a job, 1=student, 2= housewife  or homemaker, ask: ] do you work for yourself, for someone else in the private sector or the non-governmental sector, or for government? [if respondent indicated in previous question that they were unemployed, retired or disabled, ask: ] in your last job, did you work for yourself, for someone else in the private sector or the non-governmental sector, or for government
[if respondent has an occupation, i.e. responses on q95b other than 0=never had a job, 1=student, 2= housewife  or homemaker, ask:] do you work for yourself, for someone else in the private sector or the non-governmental sector, or for government? [if respondent indicated in previous question that they were unemployed, retired or disabled, ask:] in your last job, did you work for yourself, for someone else in the private sector or the non-governmental sector, or for government
[if respondent has an occupation, i.e., responses on q95b other than 0=never had a job, 1=student, 2= housewife  or homemaker, ask:] do you work for yourself, for someone else in the private sector or the non-governmental sector, or for government? [if respondent indicated in previous question           that they were unemployed, retired or disabled, ask:] in your last job, did you work for yourself, for someone else in the private sector or the non-governmental sector, or for government
[if respondent has an occupation, i.e., responses on q95b other than 0=never had a job, 1=student, 2= housewife  or homemaker, ask:] do you work for yourself, for someone else in the private sector or the non-governmental sector, or for government? [if respondent indicated in previous question that they were unemployed, retired or disabled, ask:] in your last job, did you work for yourself, for someone else in the private sector or the non-governmental sector, or for government
[if respondent has heard at least “a little bit” about the juba agreement, ask:] do you think that the juba agreement gives former rebel group too much, too little or about the right amount of influence in the transitional government, or haven’t you heard enough to say
[if respondent has heard at least “a little bit” about the juba agreement, ask:] in your view, how likely is it that the juba agreement will help to bring lasting peace to sudan
[if yes to q78a-les] what should that minimum be
[if yes to q78d-sud] how effective do you think this commission has been so far in investigating and reporting on the events that took place during the massacre and identifying those responsible
[nationality] are very diverse. they come from different religions, ethnic group, political parties, and economic and social backgrounds. overall, would you say that there is more that unites all [nationality] as one people, or more that divides them
a number of proposals have been made about how ethiopia should amend or replace some provisions in the current constitution. would you support or oppose each of the following proposed changes to the ethiopian constitution, or haven’t you heard enough to say: a constitutional court that is separate from the house of federation should be established
a number of proposals have been made about how ethiopia should amend or replace some provisions in the current constitution. would you support or oppose each of the following proposed changes to the ethiopian constitution, or haven’t you heard enough to say: a provision requiring term limits for the prime minister should be added
a number of proposals have been made about how ethiopia should amend or replace some provisions in the current constitution. would you support or oppose each of the following proposed changes to the ethiopian constitution, or haven’t you heard enough to say: addis ababa should be made a member state in the federation
a number of proposals have been made about how ethiopia should amend or replace some provisions in the current constitution. would you support or oppose each of the following proposed changes to the ethiopian constitution, or haven’t you heard enough to say: article 39, which ensures the right of nations, nationalities, and peoples to self-determination, secession, and establishment of their own regional state government, should be removed
a number of proposals have been made about how ethiopia should amend or replace some provisions in the current constitution. would you support or oppose each of the following proposed changes to the ethiopian constitution, or haven’t you heard enough to say: other languages in addition to amharic should be designated as working languages of the federal government
a number of proposals have been made about how ethiopia should amend or replace some provisions in the current constitution. would you support or oppose each of the following proposed changes to the ethiopian constitution, or haven’t you heard enough to say: the national emblem at the center of the ethiopian flag should be removed
a number of proposals have been made about how ethiopia should amend or replace some provisions in the current constitution. would you support or oppose each of the following proposed changes to the ethiopian constitution, or haven’t you heard enough to say: the provision that all land should be owned by the state should be changed or removed to allow more ownership rights for individual citizens
a number of proposals have been made by stakeholders to streamline the country’s electoral process. for each of the following proposals, please tell me whether you disagree or agree with it: candidates that have been convicted of an electoral offence should be barred from participating in future elections for at least 5 years
a number of proposals have been made by stakeholders to streamline the country’s electoral process. for each of the following proposals, please tell me whether you disagree or agree with it: candidates who lose in party primaries should not be allowed to contest as independents
a number of proposals have been made by stakeholders to streamline the country’s electoral process. for each of the following proposals, please tell me whether you disagree or agree with it: if the winner of an election is disqualified before taking oath of office, a fresh vote should be held instead of declaring the second placed candidate as the winner
a number of proposals have been made by stakeholders to streamline the country’s electoral process. for each of the following proposals, please tell me whether you disagree or agree with it: the law          should make it mandatory for all election candidates to publicly declare all the sources of funds for their election campaign
a number of proposals have been made by stakeholders to streamline the country’s electoral process. for each of the following proposals, please tell me whether you disagree or agree with it: to ensure equal representation, electoral areas for the same elective position, such as districts, constituencies or sub-counties, should be relatively equal in population size
administrative district
and how likely do you think it is that: opposition candidates will be prevented from campaigning freely by the government or security forces
and how likely do you think it is that: the media will provide fair coverage of all candidates and parties
and how likely do you think it is that: voters will be offered bribes for their votes
and how likely do you think it is that: voters will be threatened with violence at the polls
and how often, if ever, did you have to pay a bribe, give a gift, or do a favour for a government official in order to get the document you needed
and how often, if ever, did you have to pay a bribe, give a gift, or do a favour for a health worker or clinic or hospital staff in order to get the medical care you needed
and how often, if ever, did you have to pay a bribe, give a gift, or do a favour for a police officer in order to get the assistance you needed
and how often, if ever, did you have to pay a bribe, give a gift, or do a favour for a teacher or school official in order to get the services you needed from the schools
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on [botswana] is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? [former colonial power eg. britain]
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on [botswana] is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? china
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on [botswana] is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? regional superpower
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on [botswana] is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? russia
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on [botswana] is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united states
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on [country] is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? [country]
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on [country] is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? britain
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on [country] is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? china
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on [country] is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? france
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on [country] is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? germany
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on [country] is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? kenya
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on [country] is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? regional superpower
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on [country] is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? regional superpower ([country])
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on [country] is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? russia
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on [country] is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united states
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on [country]’s is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? regional superpower
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on botswana is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? britain
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on botswana is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? china
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on botswana is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? regional superpower, i.e [country]
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on botswana is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united states
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on cape verde is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? [country]
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on cape verde is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? china
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on cape verde is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? portugal
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on cape verde is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? russia
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on cape verde is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united states
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on eswatini  is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united states
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on eswatini is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? [country]
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on eswatini is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? britain
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on eswatini is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? china
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on eswatini is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? russia
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on eswatini is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? taiwan
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on ethiopia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? china
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on ethiopia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? regional superpower
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on ethiopia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? russia
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on ethiopia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united states
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on gabon is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? china
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on gabon is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? france
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on gabon is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? regional superpower i.e [country], [country], kenya, tunisia
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on gabon is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? russia
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on gabon is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united states
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on guinea is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? [country]
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on guinea is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? china
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on guinea is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? france
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on guinea is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? russia
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on guinea is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united states
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on kenya is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? britain
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on kenya is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? china
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on kenya is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? regional superpower
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on kenya is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? russia
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on kenya is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united states
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on lesotho is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? [country]
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on lesotho is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? britain
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on lesotho is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? china
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on lesotho is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? russia
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on lesotho is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united states
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on liberia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? [country]
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on liberia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? china
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on liberia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? japan
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on liberia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? russia
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on liberia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united states
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on mauritius is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? britain
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on mauritius is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? china
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on mauritius is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? regional superpower
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on mauritius is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? russia
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on mauritius is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united states
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on morocco is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? china
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on morocco is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? egypt
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on morocco is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? france
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on morocco is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? russia
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on morocco is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united states
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on sierra leone is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? [country]
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on sierra leone is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? britain
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on sierra leone is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? china
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on sierra leone is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? russia
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on sierra leone is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united states
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on sudan is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? britain
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on sudan is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? china
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on sudan is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? egypt or ethiopia
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on sudan is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? russia
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on sudan is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united states
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on the gambia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? britain
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on the gambia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? china
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on the gambia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? regional superpower ([country])
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on the gambia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? russia
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on the gambia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united states
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on tunisia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? china
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on tunisia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? france
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on tunisia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? regional superpower (algeria)
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on tunisia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? russia
and what about the following countries? do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following countries on tunisia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united states
are the following facilities present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area, or in easy walking distance: bank, money transfer point, mobile banking services or atm
are the following facilities present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area, or in easy walking distance: health clinic
are the following facilities present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area, or in easy walking distance: health clinic (private or public or both)
are the following facilities present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area, or in easy walking distance: health clinic (private public or both)
are the following facilities present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area, or in easy walking distance: is there any kind of paid transport, such as a bus, taxi, moped, or other form, available on a daily basis
are the following facilities present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area, or in easy walking distance: market stalls (selling groceries and or or clothing)
are the following facilities present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area, or in easy walking distance: police station
are the following facilities present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area, or in easy walking distance: post office
are the following facilities present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area, or in easy walking distance: school
are the following facilities present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area, or in easy walking distance: school (private or public or both)
are the following facilities present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area, or in easy walking distance: school (private public or both)
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area: borehole or tubewell
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area: cell phone service
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area: electricity grid that most houses could access
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area: mobile phone service
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area: piped water system that most houses could access
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area: sewage system that most houses could access
are the outcomes of this dialogue for the improvement of the electoral process better or worse, or have you not heard enough to say
are you aware of government’s recent handing over of inter-island maritime travels to a new company called cape verde inter-islands
are you aware of the court case brought by mcp and utm presidents challenging the validity of the 2019 presidential election results that were announced by the [country] electoral commission
are you aware of the december 2019 referendum to determine whether local government elections should be made partisan or remain non-partisan
are you aware of the demostartions organized by civil society organizations calling for the resignation of the chairperson of the [country] electoral commission, justice jane ansah for her handling of the 2019 tri-partite elections
are you aware of the introduction of catholic moral and religious education discipline in selected public schools in the country
are you currently covered by any kind of health insurance or some other kind of healthcare plan
are you happy with the level of care you receive in [public or private] healthcare facilities
as you may know, there are many products in the market, like petrol, wheat, and cooking oil that the government has been subsidizing for many years to make them cheaper for people to buy. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: subsidies are too expensive for the government to maintain; the new government must reduce or remove them. statement 2: removing subsidies will cause too much economic hardship for ordinary sudanese people; the government must maintain them
attend a demostartion or protest march
based on our experience in liberia, when violence occurs during public protests, do you think it is usually the fault of the protesters or the police, or both
based on your experience, how easy or difficult is it to do each of the following: to find out how government uses the revenues from people’s taxes and fees
based on your experience, how easy or difficult is it to do each of the following: to find out what taxes and fees you are supposed to pay to the government
batswana are very diverse. they come from different religions, ethnic group, political parties, and economic and social backgrounds. overall, would you say that there is more that unites all batswana as one people, or more that divides them
below are a number of statements about [country]'s opposition parties. please tell us whether you disagree or agree with each one of them: [country]'s opposition political parties improve our democracy by holding the ruling party accountable
below are a number of statements about [country]'s opposition parties. please tell us whether you disagree or agree with each one of them: it is better for the country to have opposition political parties, even if they are weak, than to have no opposition parties at all
below are a number of statements about [country]'s opposition parties. please tell us whether you disagree or agree with each one of them: opposition parties can be trusted to act in the best interests of all [country]ns
below are a number of statements about [country]'s opposition parties. please tell us whether you disagree or agree with each one of them: opposition political parties in [country] are strong enough to influence legislation
below are a number of statements about [country]'s opposition parties. please tell us whether you disagree or agree with each one of them: the political opposition in [country] presents a viable alternative vision and plan for the country
below are a number of statements about [country]'s opposition parties. please tell us whether you disagree or agree with each one of them: to vote for an opposition political party in [country] is to waste one's vote
bot. please tell me whether you disagree or agree with the following statements: to increase the number of women in parliament, a number of seats should be reserved for women
cape verdians are very diverse. they come from different religions, ethnic group, political parties, and economic and social backgrounds. overall, would you say that there is more that unites all cape verdians as one people, or more that divides them
compared with previous elections in [country] that you are aware of, would you say that the quality of the may 2019 tri-partite elections was better, the same, or worse
concerning the forthcoming august 2021 elections, do you think: that the country as a whole is ready for elections
concerning the forthcoming august 2021 elections, do you think: that the election commission of [country] is ready to register all eligible voters
concerning the forthcoming august 2021 elections, do you think: that the electoral commission of [country] is ready to hold the elections
concerning the forthcoming august 2021 elections, do you think: that you, personally, are ready for the elections to be held
considering all of the funds and resources that were available to the government for combatting and responding to the covid-19 pandemic, how much do you think was lost or stolen due to corruption among government officials
constituency name
constituency name or municipality name
country
country in r5 alphabetical order
country in r6 alphabetical order
country in r7 alphabetical order
country old spelling or order
currently, lesotho is considering several proposals that are part of the ongoing constitutional reforms. for each of the following proposals, please tell me whether you agree or disagree with it or have you not heard enough to say? elected members of parliament must lose their seats if they leave their party to join another one
currently, lesotho is considering several proposals that are part of the ongoing constitutional reforms. for each of the following proposals, please tell me whether you agree or disagree with it or have you not heard enough to say? judges should no longer be appointed by the prime minister but by the judicial service commission
currently, lesotho is considering several proposals that are part of the ongoing constitutional reforms. for each of the following proposals, please tell me whether you agree or disagree with it or have you not heard enough to say? lesotho’s current electoral system of mixed member proportional should be changed in favour of a full proportional system
currently, lesotho is considering several proposals that are part of the ongoing constitutional reforms. for each of the following proposals, please tell me whether you agree or disagree with it or have you not heard enough to say? the king should be allowed to make decisions that he thinks are in the interest of the country, even if they contradict advice of the prime minister
currently, lesotho is considering several proposals that are part of the ongoing constitutional reforms. for each of the following proposals, please tell me whether you agree or disagree with it or have you not heard enough to say? the king should be granted the power to appoint a caretaker government in the event of a no confidence vote in the prime minister
currently, lesotho is considering several proposals that are part of the ongoing constitutional reforms. for each of the following proposals, please tell me whether you agree or disagree with it or have you not heard enough to say? the prime minister must be directly elected by the voters, not parliament
currently, lesotho is considering several proposals that are part of the ongoing constitutional reforms. for each of the following proposals, please tell me whether you agree or disagree with it or have you not heard enough to say? the prime minister should no longer have the power to appoint the head of the lesotho defence force (ldf); parliament should instead play this role
date of interview
did the respondent check with others for information to answer any question
did you feel threatened during the interview
did you support or oppose the government’s decision to close schools in an effort to limit the spread of covid-19
district
do you agree or disagree with each of the following statements: government should make sure small traders and other people working in the informal sector pay taxes on their businesses
do you agree or disagree with each of the following statements: it is fair to tax rich people at a higher rate than ordinary people in order to help pay for government programs to benefit the poor
do you agree or disagree with each of the following statements: the government usually uses the tax revenues it collects for the well-being of citizens
do you agree or disagree with each of the following statements? because they would bring more livestock into farming areas, the ruga settlements could cause more conflict between herdsmen and farmers rather than less
do you agree or disagree with each of the following statements? by limiting open grazing of livestock, the implementation of the rural grazing area or ruga settlements in [country] would reduce the clashes between herders and farmers’ across the country
do you agree or disagree with each of the following statements? the cemac (economic and monetary community of central africa) should adopt its own currency to facilitate trade in the sub-region
do you agree or disagree with each of the following statements? the cfa franc benefits france more than members of the franc zone and should be replaced. statement 2: the cemac (economic and monetary community of central africa) should adopt its own currency to facilitate trade in the sub-region
do you agree or disagree with each of the following statements? the ruga settlements plan would put an unfair burden on people in agricultural regions to accommodate the needs of herders
do you agree or disagree with the following statement: our government needs to invest more of our health resources in special preparations to respond to health emergencies like covid-19, even if it means fewer resources are available for other health services
do you agree or disagree with the following statement: the former president omar al-bashir and other top national congress party leadership should be prosecuted for war crimes and genocide
do you agree or disagree with the following statement: the handshake between president kenyatta and opposition leader raila odinga is good for kenyan national unity
do you agree or disagree with the following statement. domestic violence is a private matter that has to be handled only in the family
do you agree or disagree with the following statements? educating citizens on the health and social problems associated with alcohol consumption and abuse can yield desired behavioural change than legislating against it
do you agree or disagree with the following statements? since cape verde is constitutionally a secular country, it should not adopt catholic moral and religious education discipline in public schools
do you agree or disagree with the following statements? teaching catholic moral and religious education discipline in public schools will help young people grow into adults with sound moral and religious values
do you agree or disagree with the following statements? the introduction of catholic moral and religious education discipline in public schools discriminates against other religions
do you agree or disagree with the following statements? the law that places strict restrictions on the consumption of alcohol in the country will increase unemployment as traders in alcoholic beverages will lose business
do you agree or disagree with the transitional government’s decision to recognize israel and nor[country]ze diplomatic relations with the country in exchange for the united states removing economic and trade sanctions against sudan, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: abdel fattah al-buran, the chairman of the sovereignty council
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: mohammed hamdan dagalo, also known as hamedti, the head of the rapid support forces
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president [j.a. kufuor]
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president adama barrow
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president ali bongo ondimba
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president apha conde
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president cyril ramaphosa
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president edgar chagwa lungu
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president emmerson mnangagwa
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president george weah
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president hage geingob
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president ibrahim boubacar kéïta
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president john magafuli
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president jorge carlos fonseca
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president julius maada bio
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president keis saied
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president mokgweetsi masisi
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president muhammadu buhari
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president nana akuffo addo
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president of government saad eddin el outhmani
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president peter mutharika
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president priviraj roopun
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president uhuru kenyatta
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president yoweri kaguta museveni
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: prime minister abdalla hamdok
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: prime minister abiy ahmed
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: prime minister mandvulo dlamini
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: prime minister pravind jugnauth
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: prime minister saara kuugongelwa
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: prime minister thomas thabane
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: prime minister ulisses correia e silva
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the premier of this province
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your county superintendent
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your elected mayor
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your elected regional councilor
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your member of house of peoples’ representatives
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your member of national assembly
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your member of parliament
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your member of the house of representatives
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your member of the national assembly
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your member of the representative assembly of the people
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your representatives to the national council
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your senator
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past 12 months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your senator of parliament
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your appointed regional governor
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your assembly man or woman
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your elected community councilor
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your elected councilor
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your elected local authority councilor
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your elected local councilor
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your elected local government councillor
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your elected local government councilor
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your elected local municipal councilor
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your elected member of the county assembly or mca
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your elected municipal councilor
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your elected municipal or district councilor
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your local government chairperson
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your metropolitan, municipal or district chief executive
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your municipal councilor
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your state governor
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your traditional leader
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your traditional leader or bucopho
do you come from a rural or urban area
do you feel close to any particular political party
do you feel comfortable: speaking your mother tongue in public
do you feel comfortable: wearing your traditional or cultural dress in public
do you have a job that pays a cash income? [if yes, ask] is it full-time or part-time? [if no, ask: ] are you presently looking for a job
do you have a job that pays a cash income? [if yes, ask] is it full-time or part-time? [if no, ask:] are you presently looking for a job
do you have a toilet, water closet or latrine available for your use? [if yes] is it inside your house, inside your compound, or outside your compound, or is there none available
do you have an electric connection to your home from [country] electricity supply corporation or zesco
do you have an electric connection to your home from botswana power corporation
do you have an electric connection to your home from eskom
do you have an electric connection to your home from nampower
do you have an electric connection to your home from the [country] electricity supply authority or zesa
do you have an electric connection to your home from the central electricity board or ceb
do you have an electric connection to your home from the electricity distribution and supply agency or edsa
do you have an electric connection to your home from the liberia electricity corporation or lec
do you have an electric connection to your home from the national office for electricity and drinking water
do you have an electric connection to your home from the national power grid
do you have an electric connection to your home from the national water and electricity company (nawec)
do you have an electric connection to your home from the steg
do you intend to vote in the 2021 elections
do you support the federal government’s plan to establish the ruga settlements for animal herders in all states in [country]
do you think anyone influenced the respondent’s answers during the interview
do you think climate change is making life in [country] better or worse, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think climate change is making life in botswana better or worse, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think climate change is making life in cape verde better or worse, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think climate change is making life in eswatini better or worse, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think climate change is making life in ethiopia better or worse, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think climate change is making life in gabon better or worse, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think climate change is making life in guinea better or worse, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think climate change is making life in kenya better or worse, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think climate change is making life in lesotho better or worse, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think climate change is making life in liberia better or worse, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think climate change is making life in mauritius better or worse, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think climate change is making life in morocco better or worse, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think climate change is making life in sierra leone better or worse, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think climate change is making life in sudan better or worse, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think climate change is making life in the gambia better or worse, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think climate change is making life in tunisia better or worse, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think our government has borrowed too much money from china, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think our government has borrowed too much money from taiwan, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think that each of the following things related to women has decreased, increased, or remained the same in your household or community over the past 12 months, or have you not heard enough to say: genital mutilation
do you think that each of the following things related to women has decreased, increased, or remained the same in your household or community over the past 12 months, or have you not heard enough to say: girl marriage at puberty
do you think that each of the following things related to women has decreased, increased, or remained the same in your household or community over the past 12 months, or have you not heard enough to say: harassment in the workplace
do you think that each of the following things related to women has decreased, increased, or remained the same in your household or community over the past 12 months, or have you not heard enough to say: kidnapping
do you think that each of the following things related to women has decreased, increased, or remained the same in your household or community over the past 12 months, or have you not heard enough to say: murder
do you think that each of the following things related to women has decreased, increased, or remained the same in your household or community over the past 12 months, or have you not heard enough to say: physical violence, such as corporal punishment
do you think that each of the following things related to women has decreased, increased, or remained the same in your household or community over the past 12 months, or have you not heard enough to say: psychological violence, such as insults
do you think that each of the following things related to women has decreased, increased, or remained the same in your household or community over the past 12 months, or have you not heard enough to say: rape
do you think that each of the following things related to women has decreased, increased, or remained the same in your household or community over the past 12 months, or have you not heard enough to say: sexual violence
do you think that on average, having gambians leave the gambia to live and work in another country is good for the gambia, bad for the gambia or neither good nor bad
do you think that other countries in this region, like egypt, ethiopia, saudi arabia, or others, have too much, too little, or about the right amount of influence on the transitional government
do you think that our government is required to repay china for the loans and development assistance it provides to [botswana], or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think that our government is required to repay china for the loans and development assistance it provides to [country], or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think that our government is required to repay china for the loans and development assistance it provides to botswana, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think that our government is required to repay china for the loans and development assistance it provides to cape verde, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think that our government is required to repay china for the loans and development assistance it provides to eswatini, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think that our government is required to repay china for the loans and development assistance it provides to ethiopia, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think that our government is required to repay china for the loans and development assistance it provides to gabon, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think that our government is required to repay china for the loans and development assistance it provides to kenya, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think that our government is required to repay china for the loans and development assistance it provides to lesotho, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think that our government is required to repay china for the loans and development assistance it provides to liberia, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think that our government is required to repay china for the loans and development assistance it provides to mauritius, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think that our government is required to repay china for the loans and development assistance it provides to morocco, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think that our government is required to repay china for the loans and development assistance it provides to sierra leone, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think that our government is required to repay china for the loans and development assistance it provides to sudan, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think that our government is required to repay china for the loans and development assistance it provides to the gambia, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think that our government is required to repay china for the loans and development assistance it provides to tunisia, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think that our government is required to repay taiwan for the loans and development assistance it provides to eswatini, or haven’t you heard enough to say
do you think that the amount of influence traditional leaders have in governing your local community should increase, stay the same, or decrease
do you think that the amount of taxes that ordinary people in [[country]] are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that ordinary people in [botswana] are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that ordinary people in [country] are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that ordinary people in botswana are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that ordinary people in cape verde are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that ordinary people in eswatini are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that ordinary people in ethiopia are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that ordinary people in gabon are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that ordinary people in guinea are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that ordinary people in kenya are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that ordinary people in lesotho are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that ordinary people in liberia are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that ordinary people in mauritius are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that ordinary people in morocco are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that ordinary people in sierra leone are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that ordinary people in sudan are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that ordinary people in the gambia are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that ordinary people in tunisia are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that rich people in [[country]] are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that rich people in [botswana] are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that rich people in [country] are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that rich people in botswana are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that rich people in cape verde are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that rich people in eswatini are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that rich people in ethiopia are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that rich people in gabon are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that rich people in guinea are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that rich people in kenya are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that rich people in lesotho are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that rich people in liberia are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that rich people in mauritius are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that rich people in morocco are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that rich people in sierra leone are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that rich people in sudan are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that rich people in the gambia are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the amount of taxes that rich people in tunisia are required to pay to the government is too little, too much, or about the right amount
do you think that the benefits of government programs to support people during the covid-19 pandemic, for example through food packages or cash payments, have been distributed fairly, or that the distribution was unfair, for example by favoring certain group or regions
do you think that the police or state authorities are doing enough to respond to or prevent the problem of kidnappings and rescue victims
do you think that under the free quality school education policy, the quality of education in sierra leone’s schools has increased, stayed the same, or decreased, or haven’t you heard enough to say
does your house use electric power from any source other than [country] electricity supply corporation or zesco
does your house use electric power from any source other than [the national power grid]
does your house use electric power from any source other than botswana power corporation
does your house use electric power from any source other than electricity distribution and supply agency or edsa
does your house use electric power from any source other than eskom
does your house use electric power from any source other than eswatini electricity company
does your house use electric power from any source other than nampower
does your house use electric power from any source other than national water and eelectricity company (nawec)
does your house use electric power from any source other than steg
does your house use electric power from any source other than that of edm (energie du [country])
does your house use electric power from any source other than the [country] electricity supply authority or zesa
does your house use electric power from any source other than the central electricity board or ceb
does your house use electric power from any source other than the edg (electricité de guinée)
does your house use electric power from any source other than the lesotho electricity company
does your house use electric power from any source other than the liberia electricity corporation or lec
does your house use electric power from any source other than the national office for electricity and drinking water
does your house use electric power from any source other than the national power grid
does your phone have access to the internet
during the last general election campaign in 2015, how much did you personally fear becoming a victim of political intimidation or violence
during the last general election campaign in 2015, how often did the media provide fair coverage of all candidates
during the last general election in 2015, did you witness: anyone from the security forces or a political party trying to intimidate voters
during the last general election in 2015, did you witness: police or soldiers, rather than election officials, assisting people to cast their ballot
during the last general election in 2015, how often, if ever, did a candidate or someone from a political party offer you something, like food, a gift, or money, in return for your vote
during the last legislative election campaign in 2018, how much did you personally fear becoming a victim of political intimidation or violence
during the last legislative election campaign in 2018, how often did the media provide fair coverage of all candidates
during the last legislative election in 2018, did you witness: anyone from the security forces or a political party trying to intimidate voters
during the last legislative election in 2018, did you witness: police or soldiers, rather than election officials, assisting people to cast their ballot
during the last legislative election in 2018, how often, if ever, did a candidate or someone from a political party offer you something, like food, a gift, or money, in return for your vote
during the last national election campaign in [2015], how much did you personally fear becoming a victim of political intimidation or violence
during the last national election campaign in [2015], how often did the media provide fair coverage of all candidates
during the last national election campaign in [20xx], how much did you personally fear becoming a victim of political intimidation or violence
during the last national election campaign in [20xx], how often did the media provide fair coverage of all candidates
during the last national election campaign in 2014, how much did you personally fear becoming a victim of political intimidation or violence
during the last national election campaign in 2014, how often did the media provide fair coverage of all candidates
during the last national election campaign in 2015, how much did you personally fear becoming a victim of political intimidation or violence
during the last national election campaign in 2015, how often did the media provide fair coverage of all candidates
during the last national election campaign in 2016, how much did you personally fear becoming a victim of political intimidation or violence
during the last national election campaign in 2016, how often did the media provide fair coverage of all candidates
during the last national election campaign in 2017 how often did the media provide fair coverage of all candidates
during the last national election campaign in 2017, how much did you personally fear becoming a victim of political intimidation or violence
during the last national election campaign in 2017, how often did the media provide fair coverage of all candidates
during the last national election campaign in 2018, how much did you personally fear becoming a victim of political intimidation or violence
during the last national election campaign in 2018, how often did the media provide fair coverage of all candidates
during the last national election campaign in 2019, how much did you personally fear becoming a victim of political intimidation or violence
during the last national election campaign in 2019, how often did the media provide fair coverage of all candidates
during the last national election in [2015], did you witness: anyone from the security forces or a political party trying to intimidate voters
during the last national election in [2015], did you witness: police or soldiers, rather than election officials, assisting people to cast their ballot
during the last national election in [2015], how often, if ever, did a candidate or someone from a political party offer you something, like food, a gift, or money, in return for your vote
during the last national election in [20xx], did you witness: anyone from the security forces or a political party trying to intimidate voters
during the last national election in [20xx], did you witness: police or soldiers, rather than election officials, assisting people to cast their ballot
during the last national election in [20xx], how often, if ever, did a candidate or someone from a political party offer you something, like food, a gift, or money, in return for your vote
during the last national election in 2014, did you witness: anyone from the security forces or a political party trying to intimidate voters
during the last national election in 2014, did you witness: police or soldiers, rather than election officials, assist some people to cast their ballot
during the last national election in 2014, did you witness: police or soldiers, rather than election officials, assisting people to cast their ballot
during the last national election in 2014, how often, if ever, did a candidate or someone from a political party offer you something, like food, a gift, or money, in return for your vote
during the last national election in 2015, did you witness: anyone from the security forces or a political party trying to intimidate voters
during the last national election in 2015, did you witness: police or soldiers, rather than election officials, assisting people to cast their ballot
during the last national election in 2015, how often, if ever, did a candidate or someone from a political party offer you something, like food, a gift, or money, in return for your vote
during the last national election in 2016, did you witness: anyone from the security forces or a political party trying to intimidate voters
during the last national election in 2016, did you witness: police or soldiers, rather than election officials, assisting people to cast their ballot
during the last national election in 2016, how often, if ever, did a candidate or someone from a political party offer you something, like food, a gift, or money, in return for your vote
during the last national election in 2017, anyone 2017, did you witness: anyone from the security forces or a political party trying to intimidate voters
during the last national election in 2017, did you witness police or soldiers, rather than election officials, assisting people to cast their ballot
during the last national election in 2017, did you witness: anyone from the security forces or a political party trying to intimidate voters
during the last national election in 2017, did you witness: police or soldiers, rather than election officials, assisting people to cast their ballot
during the last national election in 2017, how often, if ever, did a candidate or someone from a political party offer you something, like food, a gift, or money, in return for your vote
during the last national election in 2018, did you witness: anyone from the security forces or a political party trying to intimidate voters
during the last national election in 2018, did you witness: police or soldiers, rather than election officials, assisting people to cast their ballot
during the last national election in 2018, how often, if ever, did a candidate or someone from a political party offer you something, like food, a gift, or money, in return for your vote
during the last national election in 2019, did you witness: anyone from the security forces or a political party trying to intimidate voters
during the last national election in 2019, did you witness: police or soldiers, rather than election officials, assisting people to cast their ballot
during the last national election in 2019, how often, if ever, did a candidate or someone from a political party offer you something, like food, a gift, or money, in return for your vote
during the last presidential election campaign in 2018, how much did you personally fear becoming a victim of political intimidation or violence
during the last presidential election campaign in 2018, how often did the media provide fair coverage of all candidates
during the last presidential election in 2018, did you witness: anyone from the security forces or a political party trying to intimidate voters
during the last presidential election in 2018, did you witness: police or soldiers, rather than election officials, assisting people to cast their ballot
during the last presidential election in 2018, how often, if ever, did a candidate or someone from a political party offer you something, like food, a gift, or money, in return for your vote
during the past year, have you or anyone in your family: been physically attacked
during the past year, have you or anyone in your family: had something stolen from your house
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views:       member of the national assembly
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views:  a deputy in the national assembly
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views:  a local councillor
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views:  a municipal or district councillor
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a community councilor
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a local authority councilor
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a local government councillor
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a local government councilor
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a member of [parliament]
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a member of house of peoples’ representative
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a member of house of representatives
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a member of national assembly
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a member of parliament
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a member of representative assembly of the people
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a member of the county assembly, mca
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a member of the national assembly
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a municipal councilor
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a municipal or departmental councilor
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a political party official
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a regional councilor
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a regional state council member
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a religious leader
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a senator in parliament
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a traditional leader
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a traditional leader, you know, buchopho
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: an assembly man or woman
during the period when your community was under lockdown or curfew, do you think problems of domestic abuse in your community became more common, less common, or stayed the same
ecozone
emaswati are very diverse. they come from different religions, ethnic group, political parties, and economic and social backgrounds. overall, would you say that there is more that unites all emaswati as one people, or more that divides them
ethiopians are very diverse. they come from different religions, ethnic group, political parties, and economic and social backgrounds. overall, would you say that there is more that unites all ethiopians as one people, or more that divides them
for each of the following actions, please tell me whether you think it is something a good citizen in a democracy should always do, never do, or do only if they choose: good citizens should agree with the majority of his or her community on political issues
for each of the following actions, please tell me whether you think it is something a good citizen in a democracy should always do, never do, or do only if they choose: good citizens should avoid criticizing the government
for each of the following actions, please tell me whether you think it is something a good citizen in a democracy should always do, never do, or do only if they choose: good citizens should complain to government officials when public services are of bad quality
for each of the following actions, please tell me whether you think it is something a good citizen in a democracy should always do, never do, or do only if they choose: good citizens should pay taxes they owe to the government6e
for each of the following actions, please tell me whether you think it is something a good citizen in a democracy should always do, never do, or do only if they choose: good citizens should request personal assistance like help with school fees or funeral expenses from elected leaders
for each of the following actions, please tell me whether you think it is something a good citizen in a democracy should always do, never do, or do only if they choose: good citizens should vote in elections
for each of the following government organs, please tell me whether you think it performs its duties as a neutral body guided by law, or would you say it makes decisions that favour certain people, parties or interests, or haven’t you heard enough to say? the army
for each of the following government organs, please tell me whether you think it performs its duties as a neutral body guided by law, or would you say it makes decisions that favour certain people, parties or interests, or haven’t you heard enough to say? the courts
for each of the following government organs, please tell me whether you think it performs its duties as a neutral body guided by law, or would you say it makes decisions that favour certain people, parties or interests, or haven’t you heard enough to say? the directorate on corruption and economic offences or dceo
for each of the following government organs, please tell me whether you think it performs its duties as a neutral body guided by law, or would you say it makes decisions that favour certain people, parties or interests, or haven’t you heard enough to say? the police
for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree or haven’t you heard enough to say? [country] is a sovereign country and should use its own national currency even if it is unstable
for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree or haven’t you heard enough to say? civil servants should only receive a salary increment after government has allocated enough money for other important national development projects
for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree or haven’t you heard enough to say? in order to solve the country’s political and economic problems, the main opposition political parties should be brought into government to form a coalition with the ruling party
for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree or haven’t you heard enough to say? the national dialogue process in [country] should go beyond political parties and include the participation of other stakeholders, including: businesses, churches and civil society
for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree or haven’t you heard enough to say? the ongoing political actors dialogue, or, polad framework is the only option to bring about national stability and development in [country]
for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree or haven’t you heard enough to say? the use of violence against protesters is never justified in eswatini
for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree: government has a duty to provide adequate housing to all [country]ns who cannot afford shelter
for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree: government should increase the amounts paid for social protection grants such as old age pensions, veterans subventions and disability grants, even if this means increasing taxes
for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree: government should raise taxes and use the extra resources for poverty reduction
for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree: government should reduce the money currently spent on defense and use the savings for poverty reduction and development
for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree: government would be justified to levy additional taxes to fund the national health insurance, in order to provide better quality healthcare services for all
for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree: information held by public authorities is only for use by government officials; it should not have to be shared with the public
for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree: the government should prioritize the provision of housing over land redistribution
for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree: the quality of healthcare should be based on what one can afford, even if this means people having different quality of services
for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree: the tax authorities always have the right to make people pay taxes
for each of the following statements, please, tell me whether you agree or disagree or haven’t you heard enough to say? foreign migrants help to fill up job vacancies in both public and private sectors in morocco
for each of the following statements, please, tell me whether you agree or disagree or haven’t you heard enough to say? the increasing numbers of foreign immigrants in the country has increased levels of crime and insecurity
for each of the following statements, please, tell me whether you agree or disagree or haven’t you heard enough to say? the presence of immigrants is strengthening and improving cultural diversity in morocco
for each of the following types of people, please tell me whether you would like having a family member marry people from this group, dislike it, or not care: someone from a different ethnic group
for each of the following types of people, please tell me whether you would like having a family member marry people from this group, dislike it, or not care: someone from a different religion
for each of the following types of people, please tell me whether you would like having people from this group as neighbours, dislike it, or not care: homosexuals
for each of the following types of people, please tell me whether you would like having people from this group as neighbours, dislike it, or not care: immigrants or foreign workers
for each of the following types of people, please tell me whether you would like having people from this group as neighbours, dislike it, or not care: people from other ethnic group
for each of the following types of people, please tell me whether you would like having people from this group as neighbours, dislike it, or not care: people of a different religion
for each of the following types of people, please tell me whether you would like having people from this group as neighbours, dislike it, or not care: people who support a different political party
for each of the statements below, please tell me whether you disagree or agree: i would not mind having someone in a same-sex relationship as a member in my religious community
for each of the statements below, please tell me whether you disagree or agree: i would not mind having someone in a same-sex relationship as my supervisor in my workplace
gabonese are very diverse. they come from different religions, ethnic group, political parties, and economic and social backgrounds. overall, would you say that there is more that unites all gabonese as one people, or more that divides them
gambians are very diverse. they come from different religions, ethnic group, political parties, and economic and social backgrounds. overall, would you say that there is more that unites all gambians as one people, or more that divides them
generally speaking, would you say that most people can be trusted or that you must be very careful in dealing with people
given the avenue you used to seek justice, how satisfied were you with the outcome
governorate
guineans are very diverse. they come from different religions, ethnic group, political parties, and economic and social backgrounds. overall, would you say that there is more that unites all guineans as one people, or more that divides them
has your own community been under a mandatory lockdown or stay-at-home order or curfew at any time since the beginning of the covid-19 pandemic
have each of the following things gotten better or worse since the transitional government took power? the freedom of all sudanese citizens to worship and observe their religion as they choose
have each of the following things gotten better or worse since the transitional government took power? your freedom to say what you think
have each of the following things gotten better or worse since the transitional government took power? your own personal economic situation
have each of the following things gotten better or worse since the transitional government took power? your personal freedom, for example to dress or move about and travel as you chose
have heard about the national anti-corruption agency or inlucc
have schools in your own community been closed at any time since the beginning of the pandemic
have you encountered any of the following problems in your contact with government courts in the past 2 years?  you were unable to pay necessary costs and fees
have you encountered any of the following problems in your contact with government courts in the past 2 years? the judges or magistrate did not listen to your side of the story
have you encountered any of the following problems in your contact with government courts in the past 2 years? there were long delays in handling or resolving the case
have you encountered any of the following problems in your contact with government courts in the past 2 years? you could not obtain legal counsel or advice
have you encountered any of the following problems in your contact with government courts in the past 2 years? you could not understand the legal processes and procedures
have you heard about climate change, or haven’t you had the chance to hear about this yet
have you heard about social media, for example, facebook, twitter, and whatsapp
have you heard about the attacks in recent months in [country] against africans from other countries, including [country]ns
have you heard about the federal government’s plan to establish rural grazing area or “ruga” settlements for animal herders in all states in [country]
have you heard about the gender parity law that will be discussed by parliament
have you heard about the june 3 investigation committee that was appointed to investigate the khartoum massacre
have you heard about the recent law that places strict restrictions on alcohol consumption in the country
have you heard about the sexual offences and domestic violence act or sodv act
have you heard about the taboo-free political dialogue in the aftermath of the post-election crisis following the 2016 presidential election
have you heard about: the declaration of rape and sexual assault as a national emergency by the president last year
have you heard about: the government’s passage last year of the sexual offences amendment act of 2019
have you heard that liberia may conduct a national referendum in december of this year
have you heard the reports about the misappropriation of funds from the national petroleum fund, or npf, by some senior politicians and government officials or haven’t you had the chance to hear about this yet
have you, in the past 12 months, had contact or experience with the formal justice system in [country]
here are two statements about the importance of voting in elections. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1:  no matter whom we vote for, our lives will not get better in the future. statement 2:  we can use our power as voters to choose leaders who will help us improve our lives
here is a list of actions that people sometimes take as citizens. for each of these, please tell me whether you, personally, have done any of these things during the past year. if not, would you do this if you had the chance: attended a community meeting
here is a list of actions that people sometimes take as citizens. for each of these, please tell me whether you, personally, have done any of these things during the past year. if not, would you do this if you had the chance: got together with others to raise an issue
how concerned are you about the conflicts between farmers and herders
how concerned are you about the problem of kidnappings and attempted kidnappings in your state
how concerned are you with the misappropriation of funds from the national petroleum fund or npf
how confident are you that the government will be able to address the following in the next five years: the economic challenges facing tunisia today
how confident are you that the government will be able to address the following in the next five years: the political challenges facing tunisia today
how easy or difficult was it for you and your household to comply with the lockdown or curfew restrictions imposed by the government
how easy or difficult was it to obtain the assistance you needed
how easy or difficult was it to obtain the document you needed
how easy or difficult was it to obtain the medical care you needed
how easy or difficult was it to obtain the services you needed from teachers or school officials
how free and fair do you expect the general elections of august 2021 to be? will they be:
how interested are you in the forthcoming 2021 elections for: local government councils
how interested are you in the forthcoming 2021 elections for: members of parliament
how interested are you in the forthcoming 2021 elections for: the president
how likely do you think it is that powerful people can find out how you voted, even though there is supposed to be a secret ballot in this country
how likely do you think that those accused of, misappropriating funds from the national petroleum fund or npf will be prosecuted  in a court of law
how likely do you think that those accused will be imprisoned if found guilty
how likely is it that you will vote if a national referendum is held in december 2020
how likely or not is it that you will vote in the december 2019 referendum that will determine whether local government elections should be made partisan or remain non-partisan
how many calls were made to the household where the interview actually took place
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: assembly men and women
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: businesspersons
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: civil servants
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: county superintendents
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: deputies of the national assembly
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: judges and magistrates
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: local government chairpersons and their officials
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: media persons from private media institutions
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: media persons from public media institutions
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: members of house of peoples’ representatives
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: members of parliament
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: members of representative assembly of the people
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: members of the house of representatives
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: members of the national assembly
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: members of the sovereignty council
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: members of you community council
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: members of your [local government council]
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: members of your commune council
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: members of your county assembly or mcas
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: members of your elected local government council
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: members of your local authority council
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: members of your local government
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: members of your local government council
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: members of your local government councilors
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: members of your members of your local government council
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: members of your municipal council
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: members of your municipal councilor
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: members of your municipal or district council
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: municipal or departmental councilors
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: non-governmental organizations
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: officials of the electoral commission (ec)
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: police
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: regional councilors
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: regional governors
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: religious leaders
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: representatives to the national council
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: senators
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: state assembly members
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: state governors and officials in their office
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax officials
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax officials like officials from ministry of finance -tax administration
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax officials like officials from the federal inland revenue service or firs
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax officials, like officials from [country] revenue authority
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax officials, like officials from the [ directorate general of taxes (dgi)]
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax officials, like officials from the [country] revenue authority
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax officials, like officials from the [country] revenue authority or zimra
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax officials, like officials from the [country]n revenue service
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax officials, like officials from the botswana unified revenue service-burs
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax officials, like officials from the eswatini revenue authority
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax officials, like officials from the ethiopian revenues and customs authority
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax officials, like officials from the kenya revenue authority or kra
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax officials, like officials from the lesotho revenue authority
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax officials, like officials from the liberia revenue authority
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax officials, like officials from the mauritius revenue authority
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax officials, like officials from the ministry of finance, inland revenue
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax officials, like officials from the national directorate of state revenue or dnre
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax officials, like officials from the national revenue authority or nra
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax officials, like officials from the sudan revenue authority
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax officials, like officials from the the gambia revenue authority
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax officials, such as officials of the directorate general of taxes
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax officials, such as officials of the general tax directorate
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax officials, such as officials of the national tax directorate
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the leadership of the rapid support forces or rsf
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the leadership of the sudanese armed forces
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the president and officials in his office
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the president of the republic and officials in his office
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the prime minister and officials in her office
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the prime minister and officials in his office
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: traditional leaders
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: traditional leaders or bucopho
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your metropolitan municipal or district chief executive
how many of the following people do you think are involved in supporting and assisting the extremist group that have launched attacks and kidnappings in [country], or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: international extremist group
how many of the following people do you think are involved in supporting and assisting the extremist group that have launched attacks and kidnappings in [country], or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: local government officials
how many of the following people do you think are involved in supporting and assisting the extremist group that have launched attacks and kidnappings in [country], or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: members of the [country] military
how many of the following people do you think are involved in supporting and assisting the extremist group that have launched attacks and kidnappings in [country], or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: members of the national assembly
how many of the following people do you think are involved in supporting and assisting the extremist group that have launched attacks and kidnappings in [country], or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: ordinary [country]ns
how many of the following people do you think are involved in supporting and assisting the extremist group that have launched attacks and kidnappings in [country], or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: religious leaders in [country]
how many of the following people do you think are involved in supporting and assisting the extremist group that have launched attacks and kidnappings in [country], or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: senior officials in the federal and central government
how many of the following people do you think are involved in supporting and assisting the extremist group that have launched attacks and kidnappings in [country], or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: traditional leaders
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: [country] armed forces
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: [country] defense forces
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: [country] electoral commission
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: [country] peoples defence force or updf
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: [country] revenue authority or ura
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: [the electoral commission of [country]]
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: courts of law
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: courts of law and tribunals
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: government broadcasting service like, sabc tv and radio
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: independent broadcasting services like etv, radio 702 and community radio stations
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: independent electoral and boundaries commission or iebc
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: independent electoral commission or iec
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: independent newspapers such as the daily news and the newsday
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: independent radio services such as studio 7
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: information from government sources
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: information from private media institutions
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: information from public media institutions
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: information from social media
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: leaders of civil society organizations
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: ministry of interior
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: national assembly
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: national directorate of state revenue or dnre
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: national directorate of taxes
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: national elections board of ethiopia or nebe
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: national elections commission
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: national electoral commission or cne
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: national electoral commission or nec
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: non-governmental organizations or ngos
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: opposition political parties
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: parliament
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: people from other ethnic group
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: people from other religions
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: prime minister
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: prime minister adballa hamdok
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: private sector leaders
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: religious leaders
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: representative assembly of the people
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: state owned newspapers such as the herald or the chronicle
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: state television service like zbc tv
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: state zbc radio service such as radio [country] and national fm
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the [country] armed force
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the [country] defence force
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the [country] defense forces
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the [country] electoral commission or zec
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the [country] revenue authority
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the [country] revenue authority or zimra
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the [country]n defence force
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the [country]n national defence force
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the [country]n revenue service
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the armed forces of liberia
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the army
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the botswana defence force or bdf
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the botswana unified revenue service or burs
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the cabo verde armed force or fa
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the department of health
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the directorate on corruption and economic offences, or dceo
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the elections and boundaries commission
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the electoral commission of [country]
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the electoral commission of [country] (ec)
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the electoral commission of [country] or ecn
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the electoral commission of mauritius
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the electoral commission or ec
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the eswatini revenue authority
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the ethiopian national defense force or endf
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the ethiopian revenue and customs authority or erca
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the federal inland revenue service  or firs
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the gabon defense force
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the gambia armed forces
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the gambia revenue authority
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the general directorate of taxes
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the guinea defense forces
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the house of representatives
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the independent and permanent national electoral commission
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the independent electoral commission or inec
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the independent high authority for the elections (isie)
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the independent national electoral commission of [country]
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the kenya defence force or kdf
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the kenya revenue authority or kra
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the king
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the lesotho defence force
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the lesotho revenue authority
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the liberia revenue authority
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the mauritius revenue authority
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the ministry of finance, inland revenue
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the national assembly
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the national council
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the national independent electoral commission (ceni)
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the parties of the presidential movement (rpg arc-en-ciel)
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the police
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the premier of this province
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the president
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the president of the republic
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the prime minister
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the public protector
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the republic of sierra leone armed forces (rslaf)
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the royal army
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the ruling new patriotic party (npp)
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the ruling party
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the ruling patriotic front party
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the senate
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the sovereignty council
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the special mobile force
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the sudan army
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the sudan revenue authority
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the tax department
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the tax officials
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the tax or revenue office
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the transitional cabinet
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the umbutfo eswatini defence force or uedf
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: traditional leaders
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: traditional leaders or bucopho
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your [county assembly]
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your appointed regional governor
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your commune council
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your community council
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your county assembly
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your county authority
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your elected local government council
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your local authority council
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your local collective council
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your local government council
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your local regional council
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your metropolitan, municipal or district chief executive
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your municipal council
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your municipal or district council
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your state governor
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your state house of assembly
how much do you trust people from another ethnicity
how much do you trust people from another religion
how much do you trust the government to ensure that any vaccine for covid-19 that is developed or offered to [country]an citizens is safe before it is used in this country
how much do you trust the government to ensure that any vaccine for covid-19 that is developed or offered to [country]n citizens is safe before it is used in this country
how much do you trust the government to ensure that any vaccine for covid-19 that is developed or offered to liberian citizens is safe before it is used in this country
how much do you trust the government to ensure that any vaccine for covid-19 that is developed or offered to mauritian citizens is safe before it is used in this country
how much do you trust the government to ensure that any vaccine for covid-19 that is developed or offered to sudanese citizens is safe before it is used in this country
how much do you trust the government to ensure that any vaccine for covid-19 that is developed or offered to swati citizens is safe before it is used in this country
how much do you trust the national anti-corruption agency or inlucc
how much do you trust the official statistics provided by government on the number of infections and deaths due to the covid-19 pandemic
how much influence do traditional leaders currently have in each of the following areas: allocating land
how much influence do traditional leaders currently have in each of the following areas: influencing how people in their communities vote
how much influence do traditional leaders currently have in each of the following areas: solving local disputes
how much influence do you think china’s economic activities in [botswana] have on our economy, or haven’t you heard enough to say
how much influence do you think china’s economic activities in [country] have on our economy, or haven’t you heard enough to say
how much influence do you think china’s economic activities in botswana have on our economy, or haven’t you heard enough to say
how much influence do you think china’s economic activities in cape verde have on our economy, or haven’t you heard enough to say
how much influence do you think china’s economic activities in eswatini have on our economy, or haven’t you heard enough to say
how much influence do you think china’s economic activities in ethiopia have on our economy, or haven’t you heard enough to say
how much influence do you think china’s economic activities in gabon have on our economy, or haven’t you heard enough to say
how much influence do you think china’s economic activities in guinea have on our economy, or haven’t you heard enough to say
how much influence do you think china’s economic activities in kenya have on our economy, or haven’t you heard enough to say
how much influence do you think china’s economic activities in lesotho have on our economy, or haven’t you heard enough to say
how much influence do you think china’s economic activities in liberia have on our economy, or haven’t you heard enough to say
how much influence do you think china’s economic activities in mauritius have on our economy, or haven’t you heard enough to say
how much influence do you think china’s economic activities in morocco have on our economy, or haven’t you heard enough to say
how much influence do you think china’s economic activities in sierra leone have on our economy, or haven’t you heard enough to say
how much influence do you think china’s economic activities in sudan have on our economy, or haven’t you heard enough to say
how much influence do you think china’s economic activities in the gambia have on our economy, or haven’t you heard enough to say
how much influence do you think china’s economic activities in tunisia have on our economy, or haven’t you heard enough to say
how much influence do you think taiwan’s economic activities in eswatini have on our economy, or haven’t you heard enough to say
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: assembly men or women
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: deputies of the national assembly
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: local authority councilors
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: local government councilors
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: member of local councils
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: member of local government council
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: member of municipal or district council
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: members of house of peoples’ representatives
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: members of local authority council
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: members of local councils
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: members of local government council
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: members of local government councilors
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: members of national assembly
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: members of parliament
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: members of representative assembly of the people
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: members of the community council
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: members of the county assembly or mca
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: members of the house of representatives
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: members of the national assembly
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: municipal council members
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: municipal councilors
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: municipal or communal councilors
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: municipal or district councilors
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: regional councilors
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: religious leaders
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: representatives to the national council
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: senators of the senate
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: state assembly members
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: traditional leaders
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: traditional leaders, you know, bucopho
how much time: does your member of parliament spend in this constituency
how much time: should your member of parliament spend in this constituency to visit the community and its citizens
how much, if at all, have you heard about the conflicts between farmers and herders in this country
how often do you get news from the following sources: internet
how often do you get news from the following sources: print newspapers
how often do you get news from the following sources: radio
how often do you get news from the following sources: social media such as facebook, twitter, whatsapp or others
how often do you get news from the following sources: television
how often do you think that communities that do not vote for the ruling party suffer negative consequences, such as lack of government support for local services or development projects
how often do you use: a mobile phone
how often do you use: the internet
how often is electricity actually available from this connection
how often, if ever did you have to pay a bribe, give a gift, or do a favour for a police officer in order to avoid a problem during one of these encounters
how often, if ever, are ___________s [r’s ethnic group] treated unfairly by the government
how often, if ever, are __________s [respondent’s religious group] treated unfairly by government
how often, if ever, are people like you treated unfairly by the government based on your economic status, that is, how rich or poor you are
how old are you
how well or badly would you say the current government has handled the following matters since the start of the covid-19 pandemic, or haven’t you heard enough to say: cov-13. keeping the public informed about covid-19
how well or badly would you say the current government has handled the following matters since the start of the covid-19 pandemic, or haven’t you heard enough to say: keeping the public informed about covid-19
how well or badly would you say the current government has handled the following matters since the start of the covid-19 pandemic, or haven’t you heard enough to say: managing the response to the covid-19 pandemic
how well or badly would you say the current government has handled the following matters since the start of the covid-19 pandemic, or haven’t you heard enough to say? keeping the public informed about covid-19
how well or badly would you say the current government has handled the following matters since the start of the covid-19 pandemic, or haven’t you heard enough to say? managing the response to the covid-19 pandemic
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: addressing educational needs
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: addressing the needs of young people
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: addressing the problem of armed extremists
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: creating jobs
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: fighting corruption in government
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: fighting tax evasion
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: improving basic health services
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: improving the living standards of the poor
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: keeping prices stable
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: maintaining roads and bridges
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: managing immigration
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: managing the controversy between eqypt, ethiopia and sudan over the new nile river dam in ethiopia, known as gerd
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: managing the economic effects of the covid-19 lockdown
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: narrowing gaps between rich and poor
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: preventing or resolving violent conflict
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: protecting rights and promoting opportunities for disabled people
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: providing a reliable supply of electricity
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: providing water and sanitation services
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: reducing crime
how well or badly would you say the government is handling the issue of smuggling of goods in this country or haven’t you heard enough to say
how well or badly would you say the transitional government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: creating jobs
how well or badly would you say the transitional government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: improving the living standards of the poor
how well or badly would you say the transitional government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: keeping prices stable
how well or badly would you say the transitional government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: narrowing gaps between rich and poor
how would you rate the formal justice delivery system on the following: corruption in institutions withing the justice system
how would you rate the formal justice delivery system on the following: fairness of justice and administrative processes and proceedings
how would you rate the formal justice delivery system on the following: independence of institutions within justice system
how would you rate the formal justice delivery system on the following: professionalism of officials within the justice system
how would you rate the formal justice delivery system on the following: responsiveness of the justice and administrative processes and proceedings
how would you rate the formal justice delivery system on the following: transparency in justice and administrative processes and proceedings
how would you rate the performance of the [country]n armed forces in handling the insurgency in the north eastern part of the country compared to 12 months ago
i am now going to read to you a series of statements about the actions of some citizens in this country. for each statement, please tell me whether you think the action is not wrong at all, wrong but understandable, or wrong and punishable. a civil servant using official time to undertake personal business to generate extra income
i am now going to read to you a series of statements about the actions of some citizens in this country. for each statement, please tell me whether you think the action is not wrong at all, wrong but understandable, or wrong and punishable. an individual accepting to work as a driver of a cargo van carrying goods that are known to be smuggled
i am now going to read to you a series of statements about the actions of some citizens in this country. for each statement, please tell me whether you think the action is not wrong at all, wrong but understandable, or wrong and punishable. an individual knowingly buying goods smuggled into the country
i am now going to read to you a series of statements about the actions of some citizens in this country. for each statement, please tell me whether you think the action is not wrong at all, wrong but understandable, or wrong and punishable. an individual offering small cash token to a public official in return for favoured treatment in obtaining a public service
if [presidential elections] were held tomorrow, which [party’s candidate] would you vote for
if a non-elected government or leader could impose law and order, and deliver houses and jobs, how willing or unwilling would you be to give up regular elections and live under such a government
if a vaccine for covid-19 becomes available and the government says it is safe, how likely are you to try get vaccinated
if a vaccine for covid-19 becomes available and the government says it is safe, how likely are you to try to get vaccinated
if an election is not held in 2020 as required by the constitution, how do you think ethiopia should be governed until an election can be held
if general elections were held tomorrow, which party’s candidate would you vote for
if government prioritizes the provision of housing to [country]ns who cannot afford shelter, where, in your opinion, should such housing be located
if legislative elections were held tomorrow, which party’s candidate would you vote for
if national assembly elections were held tomorrow, which party’s candidate would you vote for
if national elections were held tomorrow, which [party’s candidate] would you vote for
if presidential elections were held tomorrow, which [party’s candidate] would you vote for
if presidential elections were held tomorrow, which candidate’s party would you vote for
if presidential elections were held tomorrow, which party’s candidate would you vote for
if respondent is not the head of household, i.e. if the response to 96b was not 1=you [respondent] or 99=don’t know, ask: ] what is the main occupation of the head of the household? [if unemployed, retired or disabled, ask: ] what was his or her last main occupation
if respondent is not the head of household, i.e. if the response to 96b was not 1=you [respondent] or 99=don’t know, ask:] what is the main occupation of the head of the household? [if unemployed, retired or disabled, ask:] what was his or her last main occupation
if respondent is not the head of household, i.e., if the response to 96b was not 1=you [respondent] or 99=don’t know, ask:] what is the main occupation of the head of the household? [if unemployed, retired or disabled, ask:] what was his or her last main occupation
if someone from a political party contacted you, which party were they from
if subsidies are reduced or removed and protests occur, how likely do you think it is that such protests would become violent
if the constitution is to be amended or replaced, when do you think this process should take place
if the government could increase its spending on programs to help young people, which of the following areas do you think should be the highest priority for additional investment
if the government decided to make people pay more taxes in order to support programs to help young people, would you support this decision or oppose it
if the legislative elections were held tomorrow, which [party’s candidate] would you vote for
if the transitional government were to remove price subsidies on petrol, wheat and cooking oil, how likely do you think it is that this would result in public protest
if yes, what should the maximum age be
if yes, what should the minimum age be
if you have paid employment, that is, regular employment for which you receive something like an hourly wage or a regular salary, are you required to pay an income tax, that is, a tax deducted from your wages by your employer
if you or a member of your household were to get covid-19 in the future, how confident are you that you could get the medical care that you need
in [country] today, people have different ways of saving their money. in your opinion is it very safe, somewhat safe, or not at all safe to keep your money in the following places: at home
in [country] today, people have different ways of saving their money. in your opinion is it very safe, somewhat safe, or not at all safe to keep your money in the following places: banks
in [country] today, people have different ways of saving their money. in your opinion is it very safe, somewhat safe, or not at all safe to keep your money in the following places: microfinance companies
in [country] today, people have different ways of saving their money. in your opinion is it very safe, somewhat safe, or not at all safe to keep your money in the following places: mobile money wallet
in [country] today, people have different ways of saving their money. in your opinion is it very safe, somewhat safe, or not at all safe to keep your money in the following places: savings and loans company
in [country] today, people have different ways of saving their money. in your opinion is it very safe, somewhat safe, or not at all safe to keep your money in the following places: traditional ‘susu’ collectors
in any society, people will sometimes disagree with one another. these disagreements occasionally escalate into physical violence. please tell me whether, in the past two years, you have ever           personally feared any of the following types of violence? [if yes] have you actually personally experienced this type of violence in the past two years? an armed attack by political or religious extremists
in any society, people will sometimes disagree with one another. these disagreements occasionally escalate into physical violence. please tell me whether, in the past two years, you have ever           personally feared any of the following types of violence? [if yes] have you actually personally experienced this type of violence in the past two years? violence among people in your neighbourhood or village
in any society, people will sometimes disagree with one another. these disagreements occasionally escalate into physical violence. please tell me whether, in the past two years, you have ever personally feared any of the following types of violence? [if yes] have you actually personally experienced this type of violence in the past two years? an armed attack by political or religious extremists
in any society, people will sometimes disagree with one another. these disagreements occasionally escalate into physical violence. please tell me whether, in the past two years, you have ever personally feared any of the following types of violence? [if yes] have you actually personally experienced this type of violence in the past two years? violence among people in your neighbourhood or village
in any society, people will sometimes disagree with one another. these disagreements occasionally escalate into physical violence. please tell me whether, in the past two years, you have ever personally feared any of the following types of violence? [if yes] have you actually personally experienced this type of violence in the past two years? violence at a political rally or public protest
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on [botswana] is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? [regional economic community eg. sadc]
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on [botswana] is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? african union
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on [botswana] is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united nations agencies
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on [country] is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? african union
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on [country] is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? eac
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on [country] is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? economic commission of west african states (ecowas)
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on [country] is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? economic community of west african states – (ecowas)
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on [country] is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? ecowas
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on [country] is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? sadc
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on [country] is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? the common market for eastern and southern africa or comesa
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on [country] is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united nations agencies
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on botswana is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? african union
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on botswana is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? sadc
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on botswana is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united nations agencies
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on cape verde is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? african union
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on cape verde is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? ecowas
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on cape verde is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united nations agencies
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on eswatini is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? african union
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on eswatini is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? sadc
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on eswatini is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united nations agencies
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on ethiopia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? african union
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on ethiopia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? igad
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on ethiopia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united nations agencies
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on gabon is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? african union
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on gabon is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? cemac or ceeac
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on gabon is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united nations agencies
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on guinea is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? african union
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on guinea is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? ecowas
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on guinea is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united nations agencies
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on kenya is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? african union
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on kenya is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? eac
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on kenya is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united nations agencies
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on lesotho is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? african union
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on lesotho is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? sadc
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on lesotho is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united nations agencies
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on liberia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? african union
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on liberia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? ecowas
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on liberia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united nations agencies
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on mauritius is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? african union
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on mauritius is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? southern african development community or sadc
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on mauritius is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united nations agencies
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on morocco is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? african union
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on morocco is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? the arab maghreb union or uma
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on morocco is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united nations agencies
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on sierra leone is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? african union
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on sierra leone is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? ecowas
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on sierra leone is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united nations agencies
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on sudan is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? african union
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on sudan is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? intergovernmental authority on development or igad
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on sudan is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united nations agencies
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on the gambia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? african union
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on the gambia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? ecowas
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on the gambia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united nations agencies
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on tunisia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? african union
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on tunisia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? arab maghreb union
in general, do you think that the economic and political influence of each of the following organizations on tunisia is mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say? united nations agencies
in general, how would you describe: the present economic condition of this country
in general, how would you describe: your own present living conditions
in recent years, mauritius has been experiencing an increasing rate of youth delinquency. in your opinion, which of the following factors would you say is the main cause of youth delinquency in the country
in response to the recent attacks on [country]ns living in [country], would you agree or disagree that the [country]n government should take the following steps? the [country]n government should increase restrictions on trade and business partnerships between the two countries
in response to the recent attacks on [country]ns living in [country], would you agree or disagree that the [country]n government should take the following steps? the [country]n government should join other countries to put diplomatic pressure or sanctions on [country]
in response to the recent attacks on [country]ns living in [country], would you agree or disagree that the [country]n government should take the following steps? the [country]n government should place stricter limits on the ability of [country]ns to enter [country] for work, business or tourism
in response to the recent attacks on [country]ns living in [country], would you agree or disagree that the [country]n government should take the following steps? the [country]n government should put stricter limits on the ability of [country]ns to travel to [country] for work, business or tourism
in some countries, people have been worried that governments and politicians are trying to take advantage of the covid-19 pandemic to increase their wealth or power, or to permanently restrict freedoms or political competition. what about you? how worried are you, if at all, that the following things are taking place in sudan: politicians are using the pandemic as an opportunity to increase their power and authority
in some countries, people have been worried that governments and politicians are trying to take advantage of the covid-19 pandemic to increase their wealth or power, or to permanently restrict freedoms or political competition. what about you? how worried are you, if at all, that the following things are taking place or might take place in [country]: politicians are using the pandemic as an opportunity to increase their power and authority
in some countries, people have been worried that governments and politicians are trying to take advantage of the covid-19 pandemic to increase their wealth or power, or to permanently restrict freedoms or political competition. what about you? how worried are you, if at all, that the following things are taking place or might take place in eswatini: politicians are using the pandemic as an opportunity to increase their power and authority
in some countries, people have been worried that governments and politicians are trying to take advantage of the covid-19 pandemic to increase their wealth or power, or to permanently restrict freedoms or political competition. what about you? how worried are you, if at all, that the following things are taking place or might take place in gambia: politicians are using the pandemic as an opportunity to increase their power and authority
in some countries, people have been worried that governments and politicians are trying to take advantage of the covid-19 pandemic to increase their wealth or power, or to permanently restrict freedoms or political competition. what about you? how worried are you, if at all, that the following things are taking place or might take place in liberia: politicians are using the pandemic as an opportunity to increase their power and authority
in some countries, people have been worried that governments and politicians are trying to take advantage of the covid-19 pandemic to increase their wealth or power, or to permanently restrict freedoms or political competition. what about you? how worried are you, if at all, that the following things are taking place or might take place in mauritius: politicians are using the pandemic as an opportunity to increase their power and authority
in some countries, people have been worried that governments and politicians are trying to take advantage of the covid-19 pandemic to increase their wealth or power, or to permanently restrict freedoms or political competition. what about you? how worried are you, if at all, that the following things are taking place or might take place in morocco: politicians are using the pandemic as an opportunity to increase their power and authority
in some countries, people pool money together so that when they need medical care, they use the money from the pool to pay for the healthcare. if something like this was put in place in this country, would you enroll
in some places in [country], candidates for political office or people from political parties sometimes offer money to voters in return for their vote.  do you think it is not wrong at all, wrong but          understandable, or wrong and punishable for: a candidate or party official to offer money in return for a vote
in some places in [country], candidates for political office or people from political parties sometimes offer money to voters in return for their vote.  do you think it is not wrong at all, wrong but understandable, or wrong and punishable for: a voter to accept money in return for his or her vote
in the last general election in 2015, how often did each of the following things happen: people’s votes were not accurately counted or not fairly reflected in the results
in the last general election in 2015, how often did each of the following things happen? people voted more than once
in the last legislative election in 2018, how often did each of the following things happen: people’s votes were not accurately counted or not fairly reflected in the results
in the last legislative election in 2018, how often did each of the following things happen? people voted more than once
in the last national election in [2015], how often did each of the following things happen: people’s votes were not accurately counted or not fairly reflected in the results
in the last national election in [2015], how often did each of the following things happen? people voted more than once
in the last national election in [20xx], how often did each of the following things happen: people’s votes were not accurately counted or not fairly reflected in the results
in the last national election in [20xx], how often did each of the following things happen? people voted more than once
in the last national election in 2014, how often did each of the following things happen: people’s votes were not accurately counted or not fairly reflected in the results
in the last national election in 2014, how often did each of the following things happen? people voted more than once
in the last national election in 2015, how often did each of the following things happen: people’s votes were not accurately counted or not fairly reflected in the results
in the last national election in 2015, how often did each of the following things happen? people voted more than once
in the last national election in 2016, how often did each of the following things happen: people’s votes were not accurately counted or not fairly reflected in the results
in the last national election in 2016, how often did each of the following things happen? people voted more than once
in the last national election in 2017, how often did each of the following things happen: people’s votes were not accurately counted or not fairly reflected in the results
in the last national election in 2017, how often did each of the following things happen? people voted more than once
in the last national election in 2018, how often did each of the following things happen: people’s votes were not accurately counted or not fairly reflected in the results
in the last national election in 2018, how often did each of the following things happen? people voted more than once
in the last national election in 2019, how often did each of the following things happen: people’s votes were not accurately counted or not fairly reflected in the results
in the last national election in 2019, how often did each of the following things happen? people voted more than once
in the last national election in 2019, how often did each of the following things happen? people’s names were not on the voters’ register
in the last presidential election in 2018, how often did each of the following things happen: people’s votes were not accurately counted or not fairly reflected in the results
in the last presidential election in 2018, how often did each of the following things happen? people voted more than once
in the past 12 months have you had contact with a public clinic or hospital
in the past 12 months have you requested assistance from the police
in the past 12 months have you tried to get an identity document like a birth certificate, driver’s license, passport or voter’s card, or a permit, from government
in the past 12 months, how often have you encountered the police in other situations, like at checkpoints, during identity checks or traffic stops, or during an investigation
in the past 12 months, in your household or outside your household like at work, on public transportation, on the street, etc., has anyone done any of the following to you? harassment in the workplace
in the past 12 months, in your household or outside your household like at work, on public transportation, on the street, etc., has anyone done any of the following to you? physical violence such as corporal punishment
in the past 12 months, in your household or outside your household like at work, on public transportation, on the street, etc., has anyone done any of the following to you? psychological violence such as insults
in the past 12 months, in your household or outside your household like at work, on public transportation, on the street, etc., has anyone done any of the following to you? rape
in the past 12 months, in your household or outside your household like at work, on public transportation, on the street, etc., has anyone done any of the following to you? sexual violence
in the past two years, have you had contact with government courts
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other [[country]ian] based on: your ethnicity
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other [[country]ians] based on: your economic status, that is, how rich or poor you are
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other [batswana] based on: your economic status, that is, how rich or poor you are
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other [batswana] based on: your ethnicity
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other [batswana] based on: your religion
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other [country]ans based on: your economic status, that is, how rich or poor you are
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other [country]ans based on: your ethnicity
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other [country]ans based on: your religion
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other [country]ns based on: your economic status, that is, how rich or poor you are
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other [country]ns based on: your ethnicity
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other [country]ns based on: your religion
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other [nationality] based on: your economic status, that is, how rich or poor you are
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other [nationality] based on: your ethnicity
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other [nationality] based on: your religion
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other batswana based on: your economic status, that is, how rich or poor you are
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other batswana based on: your ethnicity
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other batswana based on: your religion
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other cape verdeans based on: your economic status, that is, how rich or poor you are
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other cape verdeans based on: your ethnicity
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other cape verdeans based on: your religion
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other emaswati based on: your economic status, that is, how rich or poor you are
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other emaswati based on: your ethnicity
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other emaswati based on: your religion
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other ethiopians based on: your economic status, that is, how rich or poor you are
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other ethiopians based on: your ethnicity
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other ethiopians based on: your religion
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other gabonese based on: your economic status, that is, how rich or poor you are
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other gabonese based on: your ethnicity
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other gabonese based on: your religion
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other gambian based on: your economic status, that is, how rich or poor you are
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other gambian based on: your ethnicity
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other gambian based on: your religion
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other guineans based on: your economic status, that is, how rich or poor you are
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other guineans based on: your ethnicity
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other guineans based on: your religion
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other kenyans based on your economic status, that is, how rich or poor you are
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other kenyans based on your ethnicity
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other kenyans based on your religion
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other liberia based on: your economic status, that is, how rich or poor you are
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other liberia based on: your ethnicity
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other liberia based on: your religion
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other mauritian based on: your economic status, that is, how rich or poor you are
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other mauritian based on: your religion
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other mauritians based on: your ethnicity
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other mawians based on: your economic status, that is, how rich or poor you are
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other moroccans based on: your economic status, that is, how rich or poor you are
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other moroccans based on: your ethnicity
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other moroccans based on: your religion
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other sierra leoneans based on: your economic status, that is, how rich or poor you are
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other sierra leoneans based on: your ethnicity
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other sierra leoneans based on: your religion
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other sudanese based on: your economic status, that is, how rich or poor you are
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other sudanese based on: your ethnicity
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other sudanese based on: your religion
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other tunisians based on: your economic status, that is, how rich or poor you are
in the past year, how often, if ever, have you personally been treated unfairly by other tunisians based on: your religion
in the psu or ea, did you (or any of your colleagues) see: any customs checkpoints
in the psu or ea, did you (or any of your colleagues) see: any police officers or police vehicles
in the psu or ea, did you (or any of your colleagues) see: any policemen or police vehicles
in the psu or ea, did you (or any of your colleagues) see: any roadblocks or booms set up by private security providers or by the local community
in the psu or ea, did you (or any of your colleagues) see: any roadblocks set up by police or army
in the psu or ea, did you (or any of your colleagues) see: any soldiers or army vehicles
in thinking about the future of the next generation in our country, which of these international languages, if any, do you think is most important for young people to learn
in this country, can ordinary people report incidents of corruption without fear, or do they risk retaliation or other negative consequences if they speak out
in this country, do you think that it is mostly men, women, boys or girls  who are the biggest perpetrators of family violence
in this country, how free are you: to choose who to vote for without feeling pressured
in this country, how free are you: to join any political organization you want
in this country, how free are you: to say what you think
in what type of shelter does the respondent live
in your opinion how much of a democracy is [[country]] today
in your opinion how much of a democracy is [country] today
in your opinion how much of a democracy is botswana today
in your opinion how much of a democracy is cape verde today
in your opinion how much of a democracy is eswatini today
in your opinion how much of a democracy is ethiopia today
in your opinion how much of a democracy is gabon today
in your opinion how much of a democracy is guinea today
in your opinion how much of a democracy is kenya today
in your opinion how much of a democracy is lesotho today
in your opinion how much of a democracy is liberia today
in your opinion how much of a democracy is mauritius today
in your opinion how much of a democracy is morocco today
in your opinion how much of a democracy is sierra leone today
in your opinion how much of a democracy is sudan today
in your opinion how much of a democracy is the gambia today
in your opinion how much of a democracy is tunisia today
in your opinion, did cases of domestic violence increase, decrease or stay the same during the period when our country was under lockdown or curfew due to covid-19
in your opinion, has the level of family violence in this country increased, decreased, or stayed the same over the past year
in your opinion, has the level of gender-based violence in this country increased, decreased, or stayed the same over the past year
in your opinion, how easy or difficult is it for people in [west] africa to cross international borders in order to work or trade in other countries, or haven’t you heard enough to say
in your opinion, how easy or difficult is it for people in central africa to cross international borders in order to work or trade in other countries, or haven’t you heard enough to say
in your opinion, how easy or difficult is it for people in east africa to cross international borders in order to work or trade in other countries, or haven’t you heard enough to say
in your opinion, how easy or difficult is it for people in eastern africa to cross international borders in order to work or trade in other countries, or haven’t you heard enough to say
in your opinion, how easy or difficult is it for people in north africa to cross international borders in order to work or trade in other countries, or haven’t you heard enough to say
in your opinion, how easy or difficult is it for people in southern africa to cross international borders in order to work or trade in other countries, or haven’t you heard enough to say
in your opinion, how easy or difficult is it for people in west africa to cross international borders in order to work or trade in other countries, or haven’t you heard enough to say
in your opinion, how free is the news media in this country to report and comment on the news without censorship or interference by the government
in your opinion, how involved should parents be in the resolution of the teachers’ industrial action
in your opinion, how involved should the lesotho defence forces be in the political affairs of the country
in your opinion, how involved would you say the lesotho defence forces are in the politics of the country
in your opinion, how often, in this country, do people avoid paying the taxes that they owe the government
in your opinion, how often, in this country: are people treated unequally under the law
in your opinion, how often, in this country: do officials who commit crimes go unpunished
in your opinion, how often, in this country: do ordinary people who break the law go unpunished
in your opinion, how often, in this country: do people have to be careful of what they say about politics
in your opinion, how often, in this country: do the police abuse or torture people in their custody
in your opinion, how often, in this country: does competition between political parties lead to violent conflict
in your opinion, how often, in this country: does parliament carry out its work competently
in your opinion, how often, in this country: does the executive carry out its work competently
in your opinion, how often, in this country: does the judiciary carry out its work competently
in your opinion, how often, in this country: does the president ignore national assembly and just do what he wants
in your opinion, how often, in this country: does the president ignore parliament and just do what he wants
in your opinion, how often, in this country: does the president ignore representative assembly of the people and just do what he wants
in your opinion, how often, in this country: does the president ignore the courts and laws of this country
in your opinion, how often, in this country: does the president ignore the national assembly and just do what he wants
in your opinion, how often, in this country: does the president ignore the national legislature and just do what he wants
in your opinion, how often, in this country: does the prime minisster ignore parliament and just do what he wants
in your opinion, how often, in this country: does the prime minister ignore house of peoples’ representatives and just do what he wants
in your opinion, how often, in this country: does the prime minister ignore parliament and just do what he wants
in your opinion, how often, in this country: does the prime minister ignore the courts and laws of this country
in your opinion, how often, in this country: does the prime minister ignore the national assembly and just do what he wants
in your opinion, over the past year, has the level of corruption in this country increased, decreased, or stayed the same
in your opinion, was the government’s enforcement of any lockdown or curfew in response to the covid-19 pandemic too strict, or too relaxed
in your opinion, was the period during which schools were closed too long or too short
in your opinion, what are the most important problems facing this country that government should address
in your opinion, what are the three most important causes of gender-based violence in [country]
in your opinion, what is the main cause of these attacks on [country]ns living in south-africa? is it:
in your opinion, what is the main reason why some [country]ns join extremist group
in your opinion, which of the following countries, if any, would be the best model for the future development of our country, or is there some other country in africa or elsewhere, that should be our model
in your opinion, which of the following offers the best solution for addressing the problem of youth delinquency in mauritius
in your opinion, would you say that the mcp and utm presidents are justified or not justified  in challenging the election results in court
in your opinion, would you say the conflict between farmers and herders has increased, decreased, or stayed the same over the past year
in your opinion, would you say the demostartions that have been organized by civil society organizations calling for the resignation of the chairperson of the [country] electoral commission, justice jane ansah, for her handling of the 2019 elections are justified or not justified
in your view, what is the single most important thing that could be done to ensure the next general elections in 2021 are free and fair
interviewer’s age
interviewer’s ethnic group or tribe:
interviewer’s gender
interviewer’s highest level of education
interviewer’s home language
interviewer’s number
is the electricity source owned by your household, or does it come from outside of your household
it is sometimes said that some government departments and agencies perform their duties and functions as neutral bodies, guided only by law, while others make decisions that favour particular people, parties or interests.           for the following organizations, please tell me whether you think they perform their duties as neutral bodies, guided only by law or would you say they make decisions that favour particular people, parties or interest: [country] revenue authority or mra
it is sometimes said that some government departments and agencies perform their duties and functions as neutral bodies, guided only by law, while others make decisions that favour particular people, parties or interests. for the following organizations, please tell me whether you think they perform their duties as neutral bodies, guided only by law or would you say they make decisions that favour particular people, parties or interest: [country] broadcasting corporation or mbc
it is sometimes said that some government departments and agencies perform their duties and functions as neutral bodies, guided only by law, while others make decisions that favour particular people, parties or interests. for the following organizations, please tell me whether you think they perform their duties as neutral bodies, guided only by law or would you say they make decisions that favour particular people, parties or interest: [country] defence forces
it is sometimes said that some government departments and agencies perform their duties and functions as neutral bodies, guided only by law, while others make decisions that favour particular people, parties or interests. for the following organizations, please tell me whether you think they perform their duties as neutral bodies, guided only by law or would you say they make decisions that favour particular people, parties or interest: [country] electoral commission or mec
it is sometimes said that some government departments and agencies perform their duties and functions as neutral bodies, guided only by law, while others make decisions that favour particular people, parties or interests. for the following organizations, please tell me whether you think they perform their duties as neutral bodies, guided only by law or would you say they make decisions that favour particular people, parties or interest: [country] police services
it is sometimes said that some government departments and agencies perform their duties and functions as neutral bodies, guided only by law, while others make decisions that favour particular people, parties or interests. for the following organizations, please tell me whether you think they perform their duties as neutral bodies, guided only by law or would you say they make decisions that favour particular people, parties or interest: anti-corruption bureau
it is sometimes said that some government departments and agencies perform their duties and functions as neutral bodies, guided only by law, while others make decisions that favour particular people, parties or interests. for the following organizations, please tell me whether you think they perform their duties as neutral bodies, guided only by law or would you say they make decisions that favour particular people, parties or interest: courts of law
it’s been almost three years since the government introduced the free senior high school (shs) education policy. please tell me whether you agree or disagree with the statements below: in implementing the free shs policy, the government should have targeted only poor who otherwise will not be able to pay for secondary education
it’s been almost three years since the government introduced the free senior high school (shs) education policy. please tell me whether you agree or disagree with the statements below: it is better to have free shs even if it leads to an increase in the number of educated citizens who cannot find a job
it’s been almost three years since the government introduced the free senior high school (shs) education policy. please tell me whether you agree or disagree with the statements below: the free shs policy has created opportunity for many who otherwise would not have been able to pay for secondary education
just one more question: who do you think sent us to do this interview
kenyans are very diverse. they come from different religions, ethnic group, political parties, and economic and social backgrounds. overall, would you say that there is more that unites all kenyans as one people, or more that divides them
length of interview
let us get back to talking about you. what is your ethnic community, cultural group or tribe
let us now discuss about truth, reconciliation and justice in the gambia today.  for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree or haven’t you heard enough to say? as part of the reconciliation process, former president yahya jammeh should be permitted to return to the country and be accorded the status of a former head of state
let us now discuss about truth, reconciliation and justice in the gambia today.  for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree or haven’t you heard enough to say? perpetrators of crimes and human rights abuses during the administration of former president yahya jammeh’s should be tried in a court of law
let us now discuss about truth, reconciliation and justice in the gambia today.  for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree or haven’t you heard enough to say? the gambian government should seek the extradition of former president yahya jammeh to the gambia to face prosecution for crimes and human rights abuses committed during his tenure
let us now discuss about truth, reconciliation and justice in the gambia today.  for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree or haven’t you heard enough to say? the government was right to sell former president jammeh’s properties and pay the proceeds to the victims fund
let us now talk about the exportation of some natural resources of this country. in your opinion, do you think ordinary [nationality] benefit from the export of these natural resources or not? diamonds
let us now talk about the exportation of some natural resources of this country. in your opinion, do you think ordinary [nationality] benefit from the export of these natural resources or not? water
let us now talk about the exportation of some natural resources of this country. in your opinion, do you think ordinary [nationality] benefit from the export of these natural resources or not? wool
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a [[country]ian] and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group]. which of the following statements best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a [country]an and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group]. which of the following statements best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a [country]n and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group]. which of the following statements best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a [nationality] and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group]. which of the following statements best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a cape verdean and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group]. which of the following statements best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a gabonese and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group]. which of the following statements best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a gambian and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group]. which of the following statements best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a guinean and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group]. which of the following statements best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a kenyan and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group]. which of the following statements best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a liberian and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group]. which of the following statements best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a mauritian and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group]. which of the following statements best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a moroccan and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group]. which of the following statements best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a motswana and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group]. which of the following statements best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a sierra leonean and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group]. which of the following statements best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a swati and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group]. which of the following statements best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being ethiopian and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group]. which of the following statements best expresses your feelings
let us talk briefly on the recent developments in the way multiparty political competition works in this country. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: the emergence of political pressure group and alliances demonstrates that [country]’s opposition political parties have failed to lead.   statement 2: [country]’s mainstream political parties can work with political pressure group and alliances to achieve bigger goals, even though this may weaken political parties
let's start with your general view about the current direction of our country. some people might think the country is going in the wrong direction. others may feel it is going in the right direction. so let me ask you about the overall direction of the country: would you say that the country is going in the wrong direction or going in the right direction
let’s break down the various parts of the august 2021 elections. how free and fair do you expect these elections will be in terms of: equal treatment of all candidates and parties by election officials
let’s break down the various parts of the august 2021 elections. how free and fair do you expect these elections will be in terms of: equal treatment of all candidates and political parties by the private media
let’s break down the various parts of the august 2021 elections. how free and fair do you expect these elections will be in terms of: equal treatment of all candidates and political parties by the public media
let’s break down the various parts of the august 2021 elections. how free and fair do you expect these elections will be in terms of: the availability of information about all candidates and parties
let’s break down the various parts of the august 2021 elections. how free and fair do you expect these elections will be in terms of: the counting and reporting of results
let’s go back to talking about you. what is your ethnic community, cultural group or tribe
let’s take a moment to talk about domestic violence, that is violence between intimate partners in [country]. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: domestic violence is a private matter that needs to be handled and resolved within the family. statement 2:  domestic violence is a criminal matter whose full resolution requires the involvement of law enforcement agency
let’s take a moment to talk about domestic violence, that is violence between intimate partners in mauritius. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. do you agree or agree very strongly? statement 1: domestic violence is a private matter that needs to be handled and resolved within the family. statement 2:  domestic violence is a criminal matter whose full resolution requires the involvement of the law enforcement agency
let’s talk about the last general election held in 2015. people are not always able to vote in elections, for example, because they weren’t registered, they were unable to go, or someone prevented them from voting. how about you? in the last general election held in 2015, did you vote, or not, or were you too young to vote? or can’t you remember whether you voted
let’s talk about the last legislative election held in 2018. people are not always able to vote in elections, for example, because they weren’t registered, they were unable to go, or someone prevented them from voting. how about you? in the last national election held in 2018, did you vote, or not, or were you too young to vote? or can’t you remember whether you voted
let’s talk about the last national election held in [20xx]. people are not always able to vote in elections, for example, because they weren’t registered, they were unable to go, or someone prevented them from voting. how about you? in the last national election held in [20xx], did you vote, or not, or were you too young to vote? or can’t you remember whether you voted
let’s talk about the last national election held in 2014. people are not always able to vote in elections, for example, because they weren’t registered, they were unable to go, or someone prevented them from voting. how about you? in the last national election held in 2014, did you vote, or not, or were you too young to vote? or can’t you remember whether you voted
let’s talk about the last national election held in 2015. people are not always able to vote in elections, for example, because they weren’t registered, they were unable to go, or someone prevented          them from voting. how about you? in the last national election held in 2015, did you vote, or not, or were you too young to vote? or can’t you remember whether you voted
let’s talk about the last national election held in 2015. people are not always able to vote in elections, for example, because they weren’t registered, they were unable to go, or someone prevented them from voting. how about you? in the last national election held in 2015, did you vote, or not, or were you too young to vote? or can’t you remember whether you voted
let’s talk about the last national election held in 2016. people are not always able to vote in elections, for example, because they weren’t registered, they were unable to go, or someone prevented them from voting. how about you? in the last national election held in [20xx], did you vote, or not, or were you too young to vote? or can’t you remember whether you voted
let’s talk about the last national election held in 2016. people are not always able to vote in elections, for example, because they weren’t registered, they were unable to go, or someone prevented them from voting. how about you? in the last national election held in 2016, did you vote, or not, or were you too young to vote? or can’t you remember whether you voted
let’s talk about the last national election held in 2017. people are not always able to vote in elections, for example, because they weren’t registered, they were unable to go, or someone prevented them from voting. how about you? in the last national election held in 2017, did you vote, or not, or were you too young to vote? or can’t you remember whether you voted
let’s talk about the last national election held in 2018. people are not always able to vote in elections, for example, because they weren’t registered, they were unable to go, or someone prevented them from voting. how about you? in the last national election held in 2018, did you vote, or not, or were you too young to vote? or can’t you remember whether you voted
let’s talk about the last national election held in 2019. people are not always able to vote in elections, for example, because they weren’t registered, they were unable to go, or someone prevented them from voting. how about you? in the last national election held in 2019, did you vote, or not, or were you too young to vote? or can’t you remember whether you voted
let’s talk about the last presidential election held in 2018. people are not always able to vote in elections, for example, because they weren’t registered, they were unable to go, or someone prevented them from voting. how about you? in the last presidential election held in 2018, did you vote, or not, or were you too young to vote? or can’t you remember whether you voted
let’s talk about whether the government should be able to limit the sharing of news, information, or opinions on radio and tv, in newspapers, or on the internet and social media. please tell me whether you           agree or disagree that the government should be able to limit or prohibit sharing of: news or information that is false
let’s talk about whether the government should be able to limit the sharing of news, information, or opinions on radio and tv, in newspapers, or on the internet and social media. please tell me whether you agree or disagree that the government should be able to limit or prohibit sharing of: news or information that is false
let’s talk for a moment about free speech on social media in this country. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  do you agree or agree very strongly? statement 1: mauritians should have the right to express themselves on social media without government control. statement 2: government should have the right to prevent the expression of ideas that can incite hate on social media
let’s talk for a moment about the kind of society you would like to have in this country. some people say that, in order to enjoy security from violence in our society, we must limit the amount of freedom that citizens are allowed to enjoy. others say that political liberty is too important to sacrifice and must always be maintained, even if it threatens the security of the country.  which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: even if faced with threats to public security, people should be free to move about the country at any time of day or night.            statement 2: when faced with threats to public security, the government should be able to impose curfews and set up special roadblocks to prevent people from moving around
let’s talk for a moment about the kind of society you would like to have in this country. some people say that, in order to enjoy security from violence in our society, we must limit the amount of freedom that citizens are allowed to enjoy. others say that political liberty is too important to sacrifice and must always be maintained, even if it threatens the security of the country.  which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: even if faced with threats to public security, people should be free to move about the country at any time of day or night.  statement 2: when faced with threats to public security, the government should be able to impose curfews and set up special roadblocks to prevent people from moving around
let’s talk for a moment about the kind of society you would like to have in this country. some people say that, in order to enjoy security from violence in our society, we must limit the amount of freedom that citizens are allowed to enjoy. others say that political liberty is too important to sacrifice and must always be maintained, even if it threatens the security of the country.  which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: even if faced with threats to public security, people should be free to move about the country at any time of day or night.  statement 2: when faced with threats to public security, the government should be able to impose curfews and set up special roadblocks to prevent people from moving around
let’s talk for a moment about the kind of society you would like to have in this country. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the government should be able to ban any organization that goes against its policies. statement 2: we should be able to join any organization, whether or not the government approves of it
let’s talk for a moment about the kind of society you would like to have in this country. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the media should have the right to publish any views and ideas without government control. statement 2: the government should have the right to prevent the media from publishing things that it disapproves of
liberia are very diverse. they come from different religions, ethnic group, political parties, and economic and social backgrounds. overall, would you say that there is more that unites all liberia as one people, or more that divides them
looking ahead, do you expect economic conditions in this country to be better or worse in twelve months’ time
looking ahead, how serious of a problem do you think the covid-19 pandemic will be for [country] over the next six months
looking ahead, how serious of a problem do you think the covid-19 pandemic will be for eswatini over the next six months
looking ahead, how serious of a problem do you think the covid-19 pandemic will be for gambia over the next six months
looking ahead, how serious of a problem do you think the covid-19 pandemic will be for liberia over the next six months
looking ahead, how serious of a problem do you think the covid-19 pandemic will be for mauritius over the next six months
looking ahead, how serious of a problem do you think the covid-19 pandemic will be for morocco over the next six months
looking ahead, how serious of a problem do you think the covid-19 pandemic will be for sudan over the next six months
looking back, how do you rate economic conditions in this country compared to twelve months ago
mau. did you or your household require any assistance from the government during the covid-19 pandemic
mauritian are very diverse. they come from different religions, ethnic group, political parties, and economic and social backgrounds. overall, would you say that there is more that unites all mauritian as one people, or more that divides them
members of parliament have different responsibilities.  which of the following do you think is the most important responsibility of your member of parliament
members of parliament have different responsibilities. how effective do you think your mp is in fulfilling each of the following responsibilities, or haven’t you heard enough to say: delivering jobs or development to the constituency: delivering jobs or development to the constituency
members of parliament have different responsibilities. how effective do you think your mp is in fulfilling each of the following responsibilities, or haven’t you heard enough to say: delivering jobs or development to the constituency: making laws for the good of the country
members of parliament have different responsibilities. how effective do you think your mp is in fulfilling each of the following responsibilities, or haven’t you heard enough to say: delivering jobs or development to the constituency: monitoring the president and his government and holding them accountable
members of parliament have different responsibilities. how effective do you think your mp is in fulfilling each of the following responsibilities, or haven’t you heard enough to say: listening to constituents and representing their needs in parliament
moroccans are very diverse. they come from different religions, ethnic group, political parties, and economic and social backgrounds. overall, would you say that there is more that unites all moroccans as one people, or more that divides them
now i would like to ask you a few questions about policies related to women. in 2015, the gabonese government decided to declare 2015-2025 the “decade of the woman." how well or badly do you think the government addresses the following concerns, or haven't you heard enough to say? adoption of laws that favor gender equality
now i would like to ask you a few questions about policies related to women. in 2015, the gabonese government decided to declare 2015-2025 the “decade of the woman." how well or badly do you think the government addresses the following concerns, or haven't you heard enough to say? good representation of women in political institutions such as the government, parliament, constitutional institutions, public companies, etc
now i would like to ask you a few questions about policies related to women. in 2015, the gabonese government decided to declare 2015-2025 the “decade of the woman." how well or badly do you think the government addresses the following concerns, or haven't you heard enough to say? protecting girls from all forms of violence
now i would like to ask you some questions about the covid-19 pandemic that has been affecting our country and the world since early 2020. cov-1. how well informed would you say you are about the coronavirus, or the covid-19 pandemic, and efforts to combat it? would you consider yourself:
now i would like to ask you some questions about the covid-19 pandemic that has been affecting our country and the world since early 2020. how well informed would you say you are about the coronavirus, or the covid-19 pandemic, and efforts to combat it? would you consider yourself
now i would like to ask you some questions about the covid-19 pandemic that has been affecting our country and the world since early 2020. how well informed would you say you are about the coronavirus, or the covid-19 pandemic, and efforts to combat it? would you consider yourself:
now i would like to get your views about the rights and liberties of people involved in same sex relationships. for each of the statements below, please tell me whether you disagree or agree:  i would not mind having someone in a same-sex relationship as a co-worker in my workplace
now i would like to talk to you about experiences that some people have in accessing certain essential government services. in the past 12 months have you had contact with a public school
now let us talk about current situation of widespread smuggling of goods in tunisia. in your opinion, how much of a problem is smuggling in tunisia today? would you say it is a major problem, a minor problem or not at problem at all
now let us talk about the media and how you get information about politics and other issues. how often do you get news from the following sources: radio
now let us talk about the relationship between our government and two countries namely, the republic of china and taiwan. please, tell me which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. do you agree or agree very strongly? statement 1: the relationship between our government and taiwan is beneficial to our country and should be maintained instead of being severed to pursue a new relationship with china. statement 2: a relationship with china would be more beneficial to our country than the relationship we have with taiwan, as such the government should server ties with taiwan
now let us talk about the tax system in this country. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.          statement 1: it is better to pay higher taxes if it means that there will be more services provided by government statement 2: it is better to pay lower taxes, even if it means there will be fewer services provided by government
now let us talk about the tax system in this country. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: it is better to pay higher taxes if it means that there will be more services provided by government statement 2: it is better to pay lower taxes, even if it means there will be fewer services provided by government
now let’s speak about the performance of the present government of this country. how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: managing the economy
now let’s speak about the performance of the transitional government of this country. how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: managing the economy
now let’s talk about how our country should relate to other countries in [southern africa] and the world. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: people living in [southern] africa should be able to move freely across international borders in order to trade or work in other countries.           statement 2: in order to protect their own citizens, governments should limit the cross-border movement of people and goods
now let’s talk about how our country should relate to other countries in [southern africa] and the world. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: people living in west africa should be able to move freely across international borders in order to trade or work in other countries. statement 2: in order to protect their own citizens, governments should limit the cross-border movement of people and goods
now let’s talk about how our country should relate to other countries in central africa and the world. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: people living in central africa should be able to move freely across international borders in order to trade or work in other countries. statement 2: in order to protect their own citizens, governments should limit the cross-border movement of people and goods
now let’s talk about how our country should relate to other countries in east africa and the world. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: people living in east africa should be able to move freely across international borders in order to trade or work in other countries. statement 2: in order to protect their own citizens, governments should limit the cross-border movement of people and goods
now let’s talk about how our country should relate to other countries in eastern africa and the world. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: people living in east africa should be able to move freely across international borders in order to trade or work in other countries. statement 2: in order to protect their own citizens, governments should limit the cross-border movement of people and goods
now let’s talk about how our country should relate to other countries in north africa and the world. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: people living in north africa should be able to move freely across international borders in order to trade or work in other countries. statement 2: in order to protect their own citizens, governments should limit the cross-border movement of people and goods
now let’s talk about how our country should relate to other countries in southern africa and in the world. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: people living in southern africa should be able to move freely across international borders in order to trade or work in other countries. statement 2: in order to protect their own citizens, governments should limit the cross-border movement of people and goods
now let’s talk about how our country should relate to other countries in southern africa and the world. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.          statement 1: people living in southern africa should be able to move freely across international borders in order to trade or work in other countries. statement 2: in order to protect their own citizens, governments should limit the cross-border movement of people and goods
now let’s talk about how our country should relate to other countries in southern africa and the world. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: people living in southern africa should be able to move freely across international borders in order to trade or work in other countries.           statement 2: in order to protect their own citizens, governments should limit the cross-border movement of people and goods
now let’s talk about how our country should relate to other countries in southern africa and the world. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: people living in southern africa should be able to move freely across international borders in order to trade or work in other countries. statement 2: in order to protect their own citizens, governments should limit the cross-border movement of people and goods
now let’s talk about how our country should relate to other countries in west africa and the world. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: people living in west africa africa should be able to move freely across international borders in order to trade or work in other countries. statement 2: in order to protect their own citizens, governments should limit the cross-border movement of people and goods
now let’s talk about how our country should relate to other countries in west africa and the world. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: people living in west africa should be able to move freely across international borders in order to trade or work in other countries. statement 2: in order to protect their own citizens, governments should limit the cross-border movement of people and goods
now let’s talk about how our country should relate to other countries in west africa and the world. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: people living in western africa should be able to move freely across international borders in order to trade or work in other countries. statement 2: in order to protect their own citizens, governments should limit the cross-border movement of people and goods
now let’s talk about the free quality school education policy that was introduced by the government in 2018, which covers education at the pre-primary, primary and secondary levels in government and government-assisted schools. have you or anyone in your family benefitted directly from this policy by getting free schooling for children or students in your family
now let’s talk about the occupation of state lands by third parties. tell me whether you agree or disagree with the following actions: the state must be able to recover and secure its lands even if they are occupied by third parties without compensation
now let’s talk about the occupation of state lands by third parties. tell me whether you agree or disagree with the following actions: the state should abandon lands occupied by third parties, even if the lands belong to the state
now let’s talk about traditional leaders and their role in politics and government in this country. how much influence do traditional leaders currently have in each of the following areas: governing your local community
now lets us talk about your views on migration from the gambia to other countries: are you presently considering moving from your current home to live outside of the gambia
now, i would like to discuss with you the performance of some key public institutions in [country] today. would you say the following institutions perform their duties as neutral bodies, guided only by law or that they make decisions that favour particular people, parties or interests? [country] defense forces
now, i would like to discuss with you the performance of some key public institutions in [country] today. would you say the following institutions perform their duties as neutral bodies, guided only by law or that they make decisions that favour particular people, parties or interests? [country] national broadcasting corporation or znbc
now, i would like to discuss with you the performance of some key public institutions in [country] today. would you say the following institutions perform their duties as neutral bodies, guided only by law or that they make decisions that favour particular people, parties or interests? [country] police services
now, i would like to discuss with you the performance of some key public institutions in [country] today. would you say the following institutions perform their duties as neutral bodies, guided only by law or that they make decisions that favour particular people, parties or interests? anti-corruption commission of [country] or acc
now, i would like to discuss with you the performance of some key public institutions in [country] today. would you say the following institutions perform their duties as neutral bodies, guided only by law or that they make decisions that favour particular people, parties or interests? courts of law
now, i would like to discuss with you the performance of some key public institutions in [country] today. would you say the following institutions perform their duties as neutral bodies, guided only by law or that they make decisions that favour particular people, parties or interests? electoral commission of [country] or ecz
now, let’s turn our discussion to government’s land reform programme. how would you rate the effectiveness of each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough to say: government’s land resettlement programme in redistributing land to those who need it the most
now, let’s turn our discussion to government’s land reform programme. how would you rate the effectiveness of each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough to say: government’s provision of serviced land and housing in urban areas
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the last general election, held in 2015. was it:
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the last legislative election, held in 2018
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the last national election, held in [20xx]. was it:
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the last national election, held in 2014. was it:
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the last national election, held in 2015. was it:
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the last national election, held in 2016. was it:
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the last national election, held in 2017? was it:
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the last national election, held in 2017. was it:
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the last national election, held in 2018. was it:
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the last national election, held in 2019. was it:
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the last presidential election, held in 2018. was it:
over the past 12 months, lesotho has experienced a long-standing industrial action by teachers demanding higher wages.  do you support or oppose this industrial action by teachers or have you not heard enough to say
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or anyone in your family gone without: a cash income
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or anyone in your family gone without: enough clean water for home use
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or anyone in your family gone without: enough food to eat
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or anyone in your family gone without: enough fuel to cook your food
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or anyone in your family gone without: medicines or medical treatment
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or anyone in your family: feared crime in your own home
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or anyone in your family: felt unsafe walking in your neighbourhood
overall, do you think that the effects of social media on society are mostly positive, mostly negative, or haven’t you heard enough to say
overall, how much have you heard about the sudanese peace agreement, also called the juba agreement, between the transitional government and the several sudanese rebel group
overall, how satisfied are you with the implementation of the law that places strict restrictions on the consumption of alcohol in the country since it came into force
overall, how satisfied are you with the performance of the national anti-corruption agency or inlucc
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in [[country]]? are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in [country]? are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in botswana? are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in cape verde? are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in eswatini? are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in ethiopia? are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in gabon
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in guinea? are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in kenya? are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in lesotho? are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in liberia? are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in mauritius? are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in morocco? are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in sierra leone? are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in sudan? are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in the gambia? are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in tunisia? are you:
please tell me how often, in this country, you think people from each of the following group spread information that they know is false: activists and interest group
please tell me how often, in this country, you think people from each of the following group spread information that they know is false: government officials
please tell me how often, in this country, you think people from each of the following group spread information that they know is false: news media and journalists
please tell me how often, in this country, you think people from each of the following group spread information that they know is false: politicians and political parties
please tell me how often, in this country, you think people from each of the following group spread information that they know is false: social media users
please tell me how often, in this country, you think people from each of the following group spread information that they know is false: traditional leaders
please tell me if you personally or any other member of your household have been affected in any of the following ways by the covid-19 pandemic: became ill with covid-19
please tell me if you personally or any other member of your household have been affected in any of the following ways by the covid-19 pandemic: temporarily or permanently lost a job, business or primary source of income
please tell me whether each of the following security organizations currently has too much, too little or about the right amount of influence in the transitional government? rapid support forces or rsf
please tell me whether each of the following security organizations currently has too much, too little or about the right amount of influence in the transitional government? the sudanese armed forces
please tell me whether you agree or disagree that the government should be able to limit or prohibit sharing of: hate speech, that is, news, information, or opinions designed to attack or vilify certain group in society
please tell me whether you agree or disagree that the government should be able to limit or prohibit sharing of: news, information, or opinions that criticize or insult the king
please tell me whether you agree or disagree that the government should be able to limit or prohibit sharing of: news, information, or opinions that criticize or insult the president
please tell me whether you agree or disagree that the government should be able to limit or prohibit sharing of: news, information, or opinions that criticize or insult the prime minister
please tell me whether you agree or disagree that the government should be able to limit or prohibit sharing of: news, information, or opinions that the government disapproves of
please tell me whether you agree or disagree with each of the following statements, or haven’t you heard enough to say: changes in the law and harsher punishments are not enough to solve the problem of rape and sexual assault; the government should do more to educate people and change sexual attitudes and behaviors
please tell me whether you agree or disagree with each of the following statements, or haven’t you heard enough to say: the new harsh punishments for sexual- and gender-based violence included in the sexual offences amendment act will help to reduce the problem of rape and sexual assault
please tell me whether you agree or disagree with each of the following statements, or haven’t you heard enough to say: the president was right to declare a national emergency on rape and sexual violence because this has been a big problem in sierra leone
please tell me whether you agree or disagree with the following statement: disagreements between opposition and government over previous election results highlight the need for national dialogue for [country]
please tell me whether you agree or disagree with the following statement: even if the lockdown or curfew had negative impacts on the economy and people’s livelihoods, it was necessary to limit the spread of covid-19
please tell me whether you agree or disagree with the following statement: i feel strong ties with other [country]ns
please tell me whether you agree or disagree with the following statement: other [country]ns think of me as a [country]n just like them
please tell me whether you agree or disagree with the following statement: the ecowas military intervention in the gambia (ecomig) has served its purpose. it is time they leave in order for the gambian armed forces and police to take charge of security matters of the country
please tell me whether you agree or disagree with the following statement: the electoral commission has always remained fair to all political parties, even with changes in leadership
please tell me whether you agree or disagree with the following statement: the political opposition in [country] presents a viable alternative vision and plan for the country
please tell me whether you agree or disagree with the following statement: the political opposition in botswana presents a viable alternative vision and plan for the country
please tell me whether you agree or disagree with the following statements about eswatini’s sexual offences and domestic violence act: the sexual offences and domestic violence or sodv act adequately protects all genders from violence and abuse
please tell me whether you agree or disagree with the following statements about eswatini’s sexual offences and domestic violence act: the sexual offences and domestic violence or sodv act does not fully consider our cultural practices and customs
please tell me whether you agree or disagree with the following statements: coronavirus crisis has strengthened solidarity among moroccans
please tell me whether you agree or disagree with the following statements: e. the proposed gender parity law will increase women's participation in public administration positions
please tell me whether you agree or disagree with the following statements: in order to promote equitable development across [country], the country should adopt a federal system which would mean that each of the three regions would have their own regional governments
please tell me whether you agree or disagree with the following statements: increased competition among private companies that offer maritime transport services between islands are the best way to offer cape verdeans real choices on which service provider to use
please tell me whether you agree or disagree with the following statements: regionalization is important and the government of cape verde should prioritize it above other needs of the country
please tell me whether you agree or disagree with the following statements: the chairperson of the [country] electoral commission, justice jane ansah, should resign for her handling of the 2019 elections
please tell me whether you agree or disagree with the following statements: the decision to hand over of inter-island maritime travel to a new company will improve quality of water transport services from one island to another
please tell me whether you agree or disagree with the following statements: the decision to hand over of inter-island maritime travel to a new company will reduce safety conditions of maritime travels from one island to another in the country
please tell me whether you agree or disagree with the following statements: the electoral commission’s preparations towards this december 2019 referendum to determine whether local government elections should be made partisan or remain non-partisan have been satisfactory
please tell me whether you agree or disagree with the following statements: the handing over of inter-island maritime travel to a new company will ease movement of people and goods between islands at regular and predictable times
please tell me whether you agree or disagree with the following statements: the moroccan government is doing enough to support people who lost their jobs due to covid- 19 pandemic
please tell me whether you agree or disagree with the following statements: the proposed gender parity law will increase women's participation in municipal chambers
please tell me whether you agree or disagree with the following statements: the proposed gender parity law will not increase women's participation in government leadership positions if there is no conscious efforts by political party leaders
please tell me whether you agree or disagree with the following statements: the proposed gender parity law will not lead to increase in women's participation in politics because there could be other limiting factors
please tell me whether you consider regionalization a priority for the country or not
please tell me whether you consider regionalization a priority for the country or not? further discussion on regionalization is needed before a decision can be made on it
please tell me whether you disagree or agree with each of the following statements about our experiences with public protests in liberia, or whether you haven’t heard enough about it to say: in general, protestors in this country are peaceful and law abiding
please tell me whether you disagree or agree with each of the following statements about our experiences with public protests in liberia, or whether you haven’t heard enough about it to say: public protests are an effective way to influence political leaders and policies
please tell me whether you disagree or agree with each of the following statements about our experiences with public protests in liberia, or whether you haven’t heard enough about it to say: public protests are too disruptive and sometimes violent and should be avoided
please tell me whether you disagree or agree with each of the following statements about our experiences with public protests in liberia, or whether you haven’t heard enough about it to say: the police often use excessive force when responding to protests
please tell me whether you disagree or agree with each of the following statements: each county should be given a share of the revenue collected by central government in that county
please tell me whether you disagree or agree with each of the following statements: if county administrations are given more resources, citizens can count on them to use the resources wisely to improve local development and access to services
please tell me whether you disagree or agree with the following statements: a woman seeking abortion should be free to decide without having to seek permission from anyone
please tell me whether you disagree or agree with the following statements: circumcision should be made compulsory as one of the ways of reducing hiv transmissions
please tell me whether you disagree or agree with the following statements: politicians and senior public servants should be dissallowed from participating in public tenders in order to reduce cases of corruption in procurement
please tell me whether you disagree or agree with the following statements: the fall out between the current and the immediate past president is likely to affect the economic stability of the country
please tell me whether you disagree or agree with the following statements: the fall out between the current and the immediate past president is likely to affect the political stability of the country
please tell me whether you think the following action is not wrong at all, wrong but understandable, or wrong and punishable: a private company under-declaring business profits in order to evade paying taxes to government
previous interview was with a:
providing free schooling for all students can help more students to go to school, but it also requires a lot of government resources and can create some challenges. thinking about the future of the free quality school education policy, please tell me whether you agree or disagree with each of the following statements: the government should continue to provide free education for all students even if it leads to an increase in the number of educated citizens who cannot find a job
providing free schooling for all students can help more students to go to school, but it also requires a lot of government resources and can create some challenges. thinking about the future of the free quality school education policy, please tell me whether you agree or disagree with each of the following statements: to save on costs, it would be better if the free quality school education policy only applied to pre-primary and primary education and did not include secondary education
providing free schooling for all students can help more students to go to school, but it also requires a lot of government resources and can create some challenges. thinking about the future of the free quality school education policy, please tell me whether you agree or disagree with each of the following statements: to save on costs, it would be better if the free quality school education policy only applied to the poor who cannot pay for education, rather than applying to all citizens
province
psu or ea
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 1
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 1 (other)
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 10
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 11
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 12
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 13
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 14
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 15
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 16
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 17
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 18
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 19
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 2
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 2 (other)
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 20
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 3
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 3 (other)
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 4
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 4 (other)
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 5
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 5 (other)
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 6
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 6 (other)
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 7
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 7 (other)
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 8
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 8 (other)
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 9
recently civil servants in this country organized demostartions to protest poor salaries and remuneration. in your opinion, would you say the civil servants demostartions against poor salaries and remuneration are justified or not justified
recently the government proposed that every [country]n citizen should donate a small fraction of their after income tax to help support farmers affected by drought. please tell me whether you oppose or support this proposal
recently, there have been series of debates about the high rate of failure of secondary school students at school certificate exams, also known as form v. which of the following factors would you say is the main reason for the high secondary school failure rate
regardless of whether or not you or any member of your household has lived or is currently living outside the gambia, do you think the lives of people who have left the gambia to live and stay in another country are better or worse than they were in the gambia
regardless of whether you personally use social media yourself, please tell me whether you agree or disagree that social media: helps people have more impact on political processes
regardless of whether you personally use social media yourself, please tell me whether you agree or disagree that social media: helps people have more impact on politics
regardless of whether you personally use social media yourself, please tell me whether you agree or disagree that social media: makes people more informed about current events
regardless of whether you personally use social media yourself, please tell me whether you agree or disagree that social media: makes people more intolerant of those who have different political opinions
regardless of whether you personally use social media yourself, please tell me whether you agree or disagree that social media: makes people more likely to believe false news
region
region or province
region or province or state
respondent number
respondent’s gender
respondent’s race
several amendments have been proposed to the provisions of the constitution of guinea conakry. for each of the following propositions, please tell me whether you agree or disagree: introducing a single 7-year mandate
several amendments have been proposed to the provisions of the constitution of guinea conakry. for each of the following propositions, please tell me whether you agree or disagree: introducing a term limit for mps
several amendments have been proposed to the provisions of the constitution of guinea conakry. for each of the following propositions, please tell me whether you agree or disagree: removing the age limit
several amendments have been proposed to the provisions of the constitution of guinea conakry. for each of the following propositions, please tell me whether you agree or disagree: removing the presidential term limit
several amendments have been proposed to the provisions of the constitution of guinea conakry. for each of the following propositions, please tell me whether you agree or disagree: strengthening the power of the national assembly vis-à-vis the government
should there be a maximum age for candidates for [president]
should there be a maximum age for candidates for president
should there be a maximum age for candidates for prime minister
should there be a minimum age for candidates for [president]
should there be a minimum age for candidates for president
should there be a minimum age for candidates for prime minister
should there be a minimum membership for a political party to be registered with the independent electoral commission or iec
sierra leoneans are very diverse. they come from different religions, ethnic group, political parties, and economic and social backgrounds. overall, would you say that there is more that unites all sierra leoneans as one people, or more that divides them
since 2002, gabon has set up part of its national territory as parks and flora and fauna reserves. i would like to ask you a few questions about the human-wildlife conflict: have you heard of the human-wildlife conflict in gabon, or have you not yet heard about it
since 2002, gabon has set up part of its national territory as parks and flora and fauna reserves. i would like to ask you a few questions about the human-wildlife conflict: what are factors contributing to the "human-wildlife conflict"
since 2002, gabon has set up part of its national territory as parks and flora and fauna reserves. i would like to ask you a few questions about the human-wildlife conflict: what does "human-wildlife conflict" mean to you
since the start of the covid-19 pandemic, have you or other members of your household avoided seeking healthcare because of fear of contracting covid-10
since the start of the covid-19 pandemic, have you or other members of your household been unable to seek or obtain healthcare for any of the following reasons: lack of money
since the start of the covid-19 pandemic, have you or other members of your household been unable to seek or obtain healthcare for any of the following reasons: lack of transportation due to the covid-19 pandemic
since the start of the covid-19 pandemic, have you or other members of your household been unable to seek or obtain healthcare for any of the following reasons: lockdown or curfew restrictions prevented movement
since the start of the covid-19 pandemic, have you or other members of your household been unable to seek or obtain healthcare for any of the following reasons: medical facilities were closed due to the covid-19 pandemic
since the start of the covid-19 pandemic, have you or other members of your household been unable to seek or obtain healthcare for any of the following reasons: medical staff, treatments or medicines you needed were not available
since the start of the covid-19 pandemic, have you or other members of your household been unable to seek or obtain healthcare for any of the following reasons: was turned away from a health facility
since the start of the covid-19 pandemic, have you or other members of your household been unable to seek or obtain healthcare you needed because of the pandemic, for example because of lockdowns, closed clinics, or closed medical facilities
since the start of the covid-19 pandemic, have you or your household received any assistance from government, like food, cash payments, relief from bill payments, or other assistance that you were not normally receiving before the pandemic
some people think that another responsibility of a member of parliament is to help individuals in their constituency with personal needs, like getting jobs, or paying school or hospital fees. other people say that it is not appropriate for mps to give out personal financial assistance, and that they should focus on their work in the parliament to help the whole community and the country. what about you? how important do you think it is for mps to provide financial assistance to individuals in their communities
some people think that because traditional leaders are not elected, they are bad for democracy, but other people think that traditional leaders can work together with elected leaders to make democracy work better. what about you? do you think that traditional leaders strengthen democracy, weaken democracy, or don’t make a difference
some people think that prayer is an effective way to alter events in the world. others put more faith in science to solve problems. some people believe in both. what about you? do you think that prayer is more effective or less effective than a vaccine would be in preventing covid-19 infection
sometimes people do not report cases of gender-based violence to the police in eswatini. in your opinion, which of the following is the main reason why people do not report cases of gender based violence to the police
states
sub-region
sudanese are very diverse. they come from different religions, ethnic group, political parties, and economic and social backgrounds. overall, would you say that there is more that unites all sudanese as one people, or more that divides them
the current government instituted commissions of inquiry to investigate acts of corruption under the previous administration immediately after it assumed power. do you agree or disagree with each of the following statements, or haven’t you heard enough to say: the commissions of inquiry are doing their work in a fair and impartial way that does not favour one party or group
the current government instituted commissions of inquiry to investigate acts of corruption under the previous administration immediately after it assumed power. do you agree or disagree with each of the following statements, or haven’t you heard enough to say: the commissions of inquiry are helping in the fight against corruption in sierra leone
the electoral commission recently carried out a limited voter registration exercise. in your opinion, would you say the exercise was well or badly organized or you have not heard enough to say
the ethiopian constitution requires that the next national election be held in 2020. however, given widespread insecurity in the country at the moment, some people are suggesting that the election should be delayed. what about you? in your opinion, should the election be held in 2020 as required, or should it be postponed
the government has announced that the sixth national election will be undertaken in 2020. thinking about the present situation in the country, how confident are you that: the government can guarantee the safety of all candidates and voters during the entire process, including campaigning and casting of votes
the government has announced that the sixth national election will be undertaken in 2020. thinking about the present situation in the country, how confident are you that: the government will be able to handle any disputes that may arise about the results
the government has announced that the sixth national election will be undertaken in 2020. thinking about the present situation in the country, how confident are you that: the new national electoral board of ethiopia or nebe can organize elections that are free and fair
the government has announced that the sixth national election will be undertaken in 2020. thinking about the present situation in the country, how confident are you that: votes will be counted fairly
the government recently decided to make people in paid employment to pay additional tax on their incomes in order to build more housing units to address the housing problem in the country. do you support this decision or oppose it
the opinions of islamic jurists and religious scholars differ with regards to their interpretations of certain issues in islam and politics. to what extent to do you agree or disagree with each of the following statements? democracy is a system that contradicts the teachings of islam
the opinions of islamic jurists and religious scholars differ with regards to their interpretations of certain issues in islam and politics. to what extent to do you agree or disagree with each of the following statements? religious practice is a private matter and should not be regulated by the state
the opinions of islamic jurists and religious scholars differ with regards to their interpretations of certain issues in islam and politics. to what extent to do you agree or disagree with each of the following statements? sudan is better off if religious people hold public positions in the state
there are many reasons that people do not have health insurance coverage. would you say that you are currently uninsured because:
there are many reasons why people vote for certain presidential candidates. these include characteristics of the candidate or their qualities. how about you, which of the following factors would you say is the most important in your voting decision for president
there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives: a system governed by islamic law without elections or political parties
there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives: elections and national assembly are abolished so that the president can decide everything
there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives: elections and parliament are abolished so that the king can govern the country
there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives: elections and parliament are abolished so that the president can decide everything
there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives: elections and parliament are abolished so that the prime minister can decide everything
there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives: elections and representative assembly of the people are abolished so that the president can decide everything
there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives: elections and the national assembly are abolished so that the president can decide everything
there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives: elections and the national legislature are abolished so that the president can decide everything
there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives: only one political party is allowed to stand for election and hold office
there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives: the army comes in to govern the country
there are several factors that contribute to domestic violence. in your opinion, which of the following factors would you say is the main cause of domestic violence in [country] today
there are several factors that contribute to domestic violence. in your opinion, which of the following factors would you say is the main cause of domestic violence in eswatini today
there are several factors that contribute to domestic violence. in your opinion, which of the following factors would you say is the main cause of domestic violence in mauritius today
there have been many suggestions regarding who should be involved in the national dialogue process. in your opinion, who should be involved in the dialogue process from among the following list
think about how elections work in practice in this country. how well do elections: enable voters to remove from office leaders who do not do what the people want
think about how elections work in practice in this country. how well do elections: ensure that representatives to [parliament] reflect the views of voters
think about how elections work in practice in this country. how well do elections: ensure that representatives to house of peoples’ representatives reflect the views of voters
think about how elections work in practice in this country. how well do elections: ensure that representatives to national assembly reflect the views of voters
think about how elections work in practice in this country. how well do elections: ensure that representatives to parliament reflect the views of voters
think about how elections work in practice in this country. how well do elections: ensure that representatives to representative assembly of the people reflect the views of voters
think about how elections work in practice in this country. how well do elections: ensure that representatives to the national assembly reflect the views of voters
think about how elections work in practice in this country. how well do elections: ensure that representatives to the national assembly reflects the views of voters
think about how elections work in practice in this country. how well do elections: ensure that senators reflect the views of voters
thinking about problems you have encountered with either family members, neighbours, employer, government or other entities in the last 2 years, which of the following avenues did you use to seek justice
thinking about the last general election in 2015: did any representative of a political party contact you during the campaign
thinking about the last general election in 2015: did you attend a campaign rally
thinking about the last general election in 2015: did you work for a candidate or party
thinking about the last legislative election in 2018: did any representative of a political party contact you during the campaign
thinking about the last legislative election in 2018: did you attend a campaign rally
thinking about the last legislative election in 2018: did you work for a candidate or party
thinking about the last national election in [2015]: did any representative of a political party contact you during the campaign
thinking about the last national election in [20xx]: did any representative of a political party contact you during the campaign
thinking about the last national election in [20xx]: did you attend a campaign rally
thinking about the last national election in [20xx]: did you work for a candidate or party
thinking about the last national election in 2014: did any representative of a political party contact you during the campaign
thinking about the last national election in 2014: did you attend a campaign rally
thinking about the last national election in 2014: did you work for a candidate or party
thinking about the last national election in 2015: did any representative of a political party contact you during the campaign
thinking about the last national election in 2015: did you attend a campaign rally
thinking about the last national election in 2015: did you work for a candidate or party
thinking about the last national election in 2016: did any representative of a political party contact you during the campaign
thinking about the last national election in 2016: did you attend a campaign rally
thinking about the last national election in 2016: did you work for a candidate or party
thinking about the last national election in 2017: did any representative of a political party contact you during the campaign
thinking about the last national election in 2017: did you attend a campaign rally
thinking about the last national election in 2017: did you work for a candidate or party
thinking about the last national election in 2018: did any representative of a political party contact you during the campaign
thinking about the last national election in 2018: did you attend a campaign rally
thinking about the last national election in 2018: did you work for a candidate or party
thinking about the last national election in 2019: did any representative of a political party contact you during the campaign
thinking about the last national election in 2019: did you attend a campaign rally
thinking about the last national election in 2019: did you work for a candidate or party
thinking about the last national election in 2071: did you attend a campaign rally
thinking about the last presidential election held in 2018: did any representative of a political party contact you during the campaign
thinking about the last presidential election held in 2018: did you attend a campaign rally
thinking about the last presidential election held in 2018: did you work for a candidate or party
thinking of the most important problem(s) you mentioned, would you say the current government has done nothing at all, a little bit, somewhat or a lot to address them since it assumed office in january 2017
thinking of your journey here: was the road at the start point in the psu or ea:
thinking of your journey here: what was the condition of the road in the last 5 kilometers before reaching the start point of the psu or ea? was the road in excellent or good condition and easy to traverse, or was it in poor or very poor condition, that is, difficult to traverse due to potholes, waterlogging, or other issues, or was it impassable at any point (e.g., due to a collapsed bridge, fallen tree, flooding, etc.)
thinking of your journey here: what was the most common surface of the road over the last 5 kilometers before arriving at the start point of the psu or ea
this interview must be with a:
time interview ended
time interview started
to what extend do you agree with the following statement: people like you are accepted in [country] for who you are
to what extend do you agree with the following statement: people like you are accepted in kenya for who you are
to what extend do you agree with the following statement: people who share your ethnic, racial or religious background have a say in the direction of the country
to what extent are the following issues a problem in [country]?  would you say they are a problem or not? abuse against women
to what extent are the following issues a problem in [country]?  would you say they are a problem or not? climate change
to what extent are the following issues a problem in [country]?  would you say they are a problem or not? corruption
to what extent are the following issues a problem in [country]?  would you say they are a problem or not? insecurity
to what extent are the following issues a problem in [country]?  would you say they are a problem or not? poverty
to what extent are the following issues a problem in [country]?  would you say they are a problem or not? social inequalities
to what extent are the following issues a problem in [country]?  would you say they are a problem or not? terrorism
to what extent are the following issues a problem in [country]?  would you say they are a problem or not? the presence of foreign armed forces
to what extent are the following issues a problem in [country]?  would you say they are a problem or not? youth unemployment
to your knowledge, does china give loans or development assistance to our country’s government, or haven’t you had a chance to hear about this
to your knowledge, does taiwan give loans or development assistance to our country’s government, or haven’t you had a chance to hear about this
total number of adult citizens in household
tunisians are very diverse. they come from different religions, ethnic group, political parties, and economic and social backgrounds. overall, would you say that there is more that unites all tunisians as one people, or more that divides them
under the new marriage law in guinea, a man may take more than one wife, provided the first wife assents. are you for or against this law
unemployment among young people, especially young graduates, is on the rise. which of the following interventions would you say government should promote as the best way to fight the problem of youth unemployment in this country
we would like to know your opinion about some of the issues that the public will vote on in the referendum. please tell me whether you agree or disagree with each of the following proposed changes to the liberian constitution, or whether you haven’t heard enough about it to say: the constitution should be changed to allow liberians to hold dual citizenship with another country
we would like to know your opinion about some of the issues that the public will vote on in the referendum. please tell me whether you agree or disagree with each of the following proposed changes to the liberian constitution, or whether you haven’t heard enough about it to say: the constitution should be changed to reduce the length of the term in office for the president and vice president from 6 years to 5 years
we would like to know your opinion about some of the issues that the public will vote on in the referendum. please tell me whether you agree or disagree with each of the following proposed changes to the liberian constitution, or whether you haven’t heard enough about it to say: the constitution should be changed to reduce the tenure of members of the house of representatives from 6 years to 5 years
we would like to know your opinion about some of the issues that the public will vote on in the referendum. please tell me whether you agree or disagree with each of the following proposed changes to the liberian constitution, or whether you haven’t heard enough about it to say: the constitution should be changed to reduce the tenure of senators from 9 years to 7 years
we would like to know your opinion about some of the issues that the public will vote on in the referendum. please tell me whether you agree or disagree with each of the following proposed changes to the liberian constitution, or whether you haven’t heard enough about it to say: the constitution should be changed to require liberia’s general elections to be held in november of each election year rather than october
were there any other people immediately present who might be listening during the interview
were you approached by community and or or political party representatives
were you physically threatened during the interview
what about your mp? how often does he or she give out resources to help individuals in your community with their personal needs, like school fees or hospital fees, or haven’t you heard enough to say
what is the main way that decisions are made about how to use any money that you have or earn, for example from a job, a business, selling things or other activities
what is the primary language you speak in your home now
what is the source of the electricity for this connection
what is your highest level of education
what is your main occupation? [if unemployed, retired, or disabled, ask: ] what was your last main occupation
what is your main occupation? [if unemployed, retired, or disabled, ask:] what was your last main occupation
what is your main source of water for household use
what is your religion, if any
what proportion of the questions do you feel the respondent had difficulty answering
what three important reasons would prevent you or any [country]ian like you from using the formal justice delivery system in [country]
what was the primary language used in the interview
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview? was he or she: at ease, in between, or suspicious
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview? was he or she: cooperative, in between, or uncooperative
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview? was he or she: friendly, in between, or hostile
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview? was he or she: honest, in between, or misleading
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview? was he or she: interested, in between, or bored
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview? was he or she: patient, in between, or impatient
what was the roof of the respondent’s home or shelter made of
when the country is facing a public health emergency like the covid-19 pandemic, do you agree or disagree that it is justified for the government to temporarily limit democracy or democratic           freedoms by taking the following measures? using the police and security forces to enforce public health mandates like lockdown orders, mask requirements, or restrictions on public gatherings
when the country is facing a public health emergency like the covid-19 pandemic, do you agree or disagree that it is justified for the government to temporarily limit democracy or democratic freedoms by taking the following measures: postponing elections or limiting political campaigning
when the country is facing a public health emergency like the covid-19 pandemic, do you agree or disagree that it is justified for the government to temporarily limit democracy or democratic freedoms by taking the following measures? censoring media reporting
when the country is facing a public health emergency like the covid-19 pandemic, do you agree or disagree that it is justified for the government to temporarily limit democracy or democratic freedoms by taking the following measures? postponing elections or limiting political campaigning
when the country is facing a public health emergency like the covid-19 pandemic, do you agree or disagree that it is justified for the government to temporarily limit democracy or democratic freedoms by taking the following measures? using the police and security forces to enforce public health mandates like lockdown orders, mask requirements, or restrictions on public gatherings
when the country is facing a public health emergency like the covid-19 pandemic, do you agree or disagree that it is justified for the government to temporarily limit democratic freedoms by taking the following measures: censoring media reporting
when the country is facing a public health emergency like the covid-19 pandemic, do you agree or disagree that it is justified for the government to temporarily limit democratic freedoms by taking the following measures: postponing elections or limiting political campaigning
when the country is facing a public health emergency like the covid-19 pandemic, do you agree or disagree that it is justified for the government to temporarily limit democratic freedoms by taking the following measures: using the police and security forces to enforce public health mandates like lockdown orders, mask requirements, or restrictions on public gatherings
when the government of china gives loans or development assistance to [botswana], do you think they put more requirements or fewer requirements on our government compared to other donor countries, or haven’t you heard enough to say
when the government of china gives loans or development assistance to [country] do you think they put more requirements or fewer requirements on our government compared to other donor countries, or haven’t you heard enough to say
when the government of china gives loans or development assistance to [country], do you think they put more requirements or fewer requirements on our government compared to other donor countries, or haven’t you heard enough to say
when the government of china gives loans or development assistance to botswana, do you think they put more requirements or fewer requirements on our government compared to other donor countries, or haven’t you heard enough to say
when the government of china gives loans or development assistance to cape verde, do you think they put more requirements or fewer requirements on our government compared to other donor countries, or haven’t you heard enough to say
when the government of china gives loans or development assistance to eswatini, do you think they put more requirements or fewer requirements on our government compared to other donor countries, or haven’t you heard enough to say
when the government of china gives loans or development assistance to ethiopia, do you think they put more requirements or fewer requirements on our government compared to other donor countries, or haven’t you heard enough to say
when the government of china gives loans or development assistance to gabon, do you think they put more requirements or fewer requirements on our government compared to other donor countries, or haven’t you heard enough to say
when the government of china gives loans or development assistance to guinea, do you think they put more requirements or fewer requirements on our government compared to other donor countries, or haven’t you heard enough to say
when the government of china gives loans or development assistance to kenya, do you think they put more requirements or fewer requirements on our government compared to other donor countries, or haven’t you heard enough to say
when the government of china gives loans or development assistance to lesotho, do you think they put more requirements or fewer requirements on our government compared to other donor countries, or haven’t you heard enough to say
when the government of china gives loans or development assistance to liberia, do you think they put more requirements or fewer requirements on our government compared to other donor countries, or haven’t you heard enough to say
when the government of china gives loans or development assistance to mauritius, do you think they put more requirements or fewer requirements on our government compared to other donor countries, or haven’t you heard enough to say
when the government of china gives loans or development assistance to morocco, do you think they put more requirements or fewer requirements on our government compared to other donor countries, or haven’t you heard enough to say
when the government of china gives loans or development assistance to sierra leone, do you think they put more requirements or fewer requirements on our government compared to other donor countries, or haven’t you heard enough to say
when the government of china gives loans or development assistance to sudan, do you think they put more requirements or fewer requirements on our government compared to other donor countries, or haven’t you heard enough to say
when the government of china gives loans or development assistance to the gambia, do you think they put more requirements or fewer requirements on our government compared to other donor countries, or haven’t you heard enough to say
when the government of china gives loans or development assistance to tunisia, do you think they put more requirements or fewer requirements on our government compared to other donor countries, or haven’t you heard enough to say
when the government of taiwan gives loans or development assistance to eswatini, do you think they put more requirements or fewer requirements on our government compared to other donor countries, or haven’t you heard enough to say
when you get together with your friends or family, would you say you discuss political matters:
when you need medical assistance, do you predominantly use public or private healthcare facilities? [if the respondent says both, prompt:] which option do you use the most frequently
where have you considered going
which [[country]ian] languages do you speak
which [country]an languages do you speak
which [country]ian languages do you speak
which [country]n languages do you speak
which botswana languages do you speak
which cape verdean languages do you speak
which ethiopian languages do you speak
which gabonese languages do you speak
which gambian languages do you speak
which guinean languages do you speak
which kenyan languages do you speak
which lesotho languages do you speak
which liberian languages do you speak
which mauritian languages do you speak
which moroccan languages do you speak
which of the following actions is the best strategy to fight gender-based violence in [country]
which of the following after-effects or tangible evidence is the main consequence of gender-based violence in [country]
which of the following inequalities do you find most unjust
which of the following reasons would make you not to enroll
which of the following statements is closest to your opinion? choose statement 1 or statement 2: do you agree or strongly agree. statement 1: it is preferable that society allow everyone, regardless of means or background, to have an equal opportunity to succeed. statement 2: it is better if only a minority of people are particularly successful and then revenues are redistributed through taxation and social benefits
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or 2. do you agree or agree very strongly? statement 1: if a constitutional review process takes place to revise or replace the current ethiopian constitution, it should include consultations with ordinary ethiopians. statement 2: amendment or replacement of the ethiopian constitution is the duty of elected political leaders; there is no need to consult ordinary ethiopians
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or 2. do you agree or agree very strongly? statement 1: those who are responsible for past political crimes or human rights violations should be granted amnesty so that the country can move forward. statement 2: those who are responsible for past political crimes or human rights violations should be held accountable and face consequences for what they have done
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2           statement 1: our elected leaders need to focus on empowering our most capable citizens. statement 2: our elected leaders should focus on helping people who have been left behind by economic and social change
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2           statement 1: our elected officials should listen to constituents’ views and do what they demand. statement 2: our elected leaders should follow their own ideas in deciding what is best for the country
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2          statement 1: our elected leaders need to focus on empowering our most capable citizens. statement 2: our elected leaders should focus on helping people who have been left behind by economic and social change
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2          statement 1: our elected officials should listen to constituents’ views and do what they demand. statement 2: our elected leaders should follow their own ideas in deciding what is best for the country
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: experts with specialized education or skills are needed to help make the most important decisions for our country. statement 2: the people and their elected representatives know what is best; they do not need the advice of experts to run the country
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: national assembly should ensure that the president explains to it on a regular basis how his government spends taxpayers’ money. statement 2: the president should be able to devote his full attention to developing the country rather than wasting time justifying his actions
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: our elected leaders need to focus on empowering our most capable citizens. statement 2: our elected leaders should focus on helping people who have been left behind by economic and social change
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: our elected officials should listen to constituents’ views and do what they demand.           statement 2: our elected leaders should follow their own ideas in deciding what is best for the country
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: our elected officials should listen to constituents’ views and do what they demand. statement 2: our elected leaders should follow their own ideas in deciding what is best for the country
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: parliament should ensure that the president explains to it on a regular basis how his government spends taxpayers’ money. statement 2: the president should be able to devote his full attention to developing the country rather than wasting time justifying his actions
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: parliament should ensure that the prime minister explains to it on a regular basis how his government spends taxpayers’ money. statement 2: the prime minister should be able to devote his full attention to developing the country rather than wasting time justifying his actions
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: representative assembly of the people should ensure that the head of government explains to it on a regular basis how his government spends taxpayers’ money. statement 2: the head of government should be able to devote his full attention to developing the country rather than wasting time justifying his actions
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: the constitution should limit the president to serving a maximum of two terms in office.           statement 2: there should be no constitutional limit on how long the president can serve
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: the constitution should limit the president to serving a maximum of two terms in office. statement 2: there should be no constitutional limit on how long the president can serve
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: the constitution should limit the prime minister to serving a maximum of two terms in office. statement 2: there should be no constitutional limit on how long the prime minister can serve
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: the house of peoples representatives should ensure that the prime minister explains to it on a regular basis how his government spends taxpayers’ money. statement 2: the prime minister should be able to devote his full attention to developing the country rather than wasting time justifying his actions
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: the national assembly should ensure that the president explains to it on a regular basis how his government spends taxpayers’ money. statement 2: statement 2: the president should be able to devote his full attention to developing the country rather than wasting time justifying his actions
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: the national assembly should ensure that the president explains to it on a regular basis how his government spends taxpayers’ money. statement 2: the president should be able to devote his full attention to developing the country rather than wasting time justifying his actions
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: the national assembly should ensure that the president explains to it on a regular basis how his government spends taxpayers’ money. statement 2: the prime minister should be able to devote his full attention to developing the country rather than wasting time justifying his actions
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: the national assembly should ensure that the prime minister explains to it on a regular basis how his government spends taxpayers’ money. statement 2: the prime minister should be able to devote his full attention to developing the country rather than wasting time justifying his actions
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2: statement 1: the government is like a parent. it should decide what is good for us. statement 2: the government is like our employee. we are the bosses and should tell government what to do
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.             statement 1: freedom of religion and worship are absolute, meaning that government should never limit what is said in a place of worship. statement 2: government should have the power to regulate what is said in places of worship, especially if preachers or congregants threaten public security
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.             statement 1: government should be able to monitor private communications, for example on mobile phones, to make sure that people are not plotting violence.  statement 2: people should have the right to communicate in private without a government agency reading or listening to what they are saying
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.             statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in eswatini. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that emaswati have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.            statement 1: whichever party or group wins elections should be able to pursue the policies they prefer, without needing to compromise with others. statement 2: in a democracy, it is important to make compromises between the preferences and needs of different group
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.           statement 1: in order to develop, our country must rely on trade with the rest of the world, including by opening our borders to foreign imports. statement 2: in order to develop, our country must rely on local production and protect local producers from foreign competition
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.           statement 1: the government should only allow citizens and companies of our own country to trade in consumer goods, even if this means we will have fewer goods or higher prices. statement 2: the government should continue to permit foreigners and foreign corporations to set up retail shops in this country to ensure we have a wide choice of low-cost consumer goods
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.           statement 1: the media should have the right to publish any views and ideas without government control. statement 2: the government should have the right to prevent the media from publishing things that it disapproves of
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.           statement 1: the news media should constantly investigate and report on government mistakes and corruption. statement 2: too much reporting on negative events, like government mistakes and corruption, only harms the country
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.           statement 1: traditional leaders have a better grasp of political issues than ordinary people; they should give their people advice about how to vote. statement 2: traditional leaders should stay out of politics and leave people to make their own decisions about how to vote
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.           statement 1: unrestricted access to the internet and social media helps people to be more informed and active citizens, and should be protected. statement 2: information shared on the internet and social media is dividing [country]ns, so access should be regulated by government
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.           statement 1: whichever party or group wins elections should be able to pursue the policies they prefer, without needing to compromise with others. statement 2: in a democracy, it is important to make compromises between the preferences and needs of different group
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.          statement 1: freedom of religion and worship are absolute, meaning that government should never limit what is said in a place of worship. statement 2: government should have the power to regulate what is said in places of worship, especially if preachers or congregants threaten public security
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.          statement 1: the government should only allow citizens and companies of our own country to trade in consumer goods, even if this means we will have fewer goods or higher prices. statement 2: the government should continue to permit foreigners and foreign corporations to set up retail shops in this country to ensure we have a wide choice of low-cost consumer goods
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.          statement 1: traditional leaders have a better grasp of political issues than ordinary people; they should give their people advice about how to vote. statement 2: traditional leaders should stay out of politics and leave people to make their own decisions about how to vote
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: citizens should be required to get permission from government before organizing any protest. statement 2: engaging in organized protest is the democratic right of all citizens and they should be free to do so without seeking permission from the government
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: county superintendents should be directly elected by voters. statement 2: the president should continue to appoint county superintendents
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: freedom of religion and worship are absolute, meaning that government should never limit what is said in a place of worship. statement 2: government should have the power to regulate what is said in places of worship, especially if preachers or congregants threaten public security
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: government should be able to monitor private communications, for example on mobile phones, to make sure that people are not plotting violence.  statement 2: people should have the right to communicate in private without a government agency reading or listening to what they are saying
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: government should be able to monitor private communications, for example on mobile phones, to make sure that people are not plotting violence.  statement 2: people should have the right to communicate in private without a government agency reading or listening to what they are saying. variable labelq74. government should monitor private communication vs right to privacy
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in [[country]]. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that [[country]ians] have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in [country]. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that [country]ans have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in [country]. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that [country]ians have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in [country]. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that [country]ns have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in botswana. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that batswana have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in cape verde. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that cape verdeans, have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in ethiopia. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that ethiopians have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in gabon. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that gabonese have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in guinea. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that guineans have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in kenya. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that kenyans have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in lesotho. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that [nationality] have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in liberia. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that liberians have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in mauritius. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that mauritians have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in morocco. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that moroccans have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in sierra leone. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that sierra leone have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in sudan. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that sudanese have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in the gambia statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that gambians have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in tunisia. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that tunisians have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: sanctions imposed by the west on [country] are the main cause for the country’s economic meltdown. statement 2: government’s mismanagement of the economy is the main cause for [country]’s economic meltdown
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: the armed forces liberated [country] from colonial rule; they must therefore continue to be actively involved in the country’s politics. statement 2: the armed forces are for external defence and security of [country]; they must not be involved at all in the country’s politics
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: the current arrangement where the two vice presidents are appointed by the president has worked well and should be maintained. statement 2: the constitution should be amended to enable the people directly elect the two vice presidents on the same ticket as the president
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: the government’s current fight against corruption is a genuine effort to reduce graft and theft of public resources. statement 2: the current fight against corruption is more aimed at punishing rival factions within the ruling party than reducing graft and theft of public resources
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: a government that enjoys the support of the people should be free to do whatever the people want, even if it is outside the law. statement 2: the actions of any government, no matter how popular it is, must always follow the law
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: for the development of our country, it is best to forget the past and focus on peace, security, and building the economy. statement 2: sudan cannot develop successfully until we have justice and hold leaders accountable for their past crimes
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: government should have ensured that all the necessary structures for free shs are in place before its implementation. statement 2: government took the right decision to start the implementation of the free shs policy and address the challenges as they arise
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: in order for our country to do well, we should listen more to the wisdom of our elders. statement 2: in order for our country to do well, we should listen more to fresh ideas from young people
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: it is more important to get goods or products at lower prices, even if they are smuggled into the country. statement 2: it is more important to buy goods that come into the country through normal channels even if it means paying a higher price for them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: it is more important to have a government that can get things done, even if we have no influence over what it does.           statement 2: it is more important for citizens to be able to hold government accountable, even if that means it makes decisions more slowly
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: it is more important to have a government that can get things done, even if we have no influence over what it does.          statement 2: it is more important for citizens to be able to hold government accountable, even if that means it makes decisions more slowly
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: it is more important to have a government that can get things done, even if we have no influence over what it does. statement 2: it is more important for citizens to be able to hold government accountable, even if that means it makes decisions more slowly
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: it is more important to have a parliament that can pass laws quickly, even if we have no influence over what it does. statement 2: it is more important for citizens to give their input into the formulation of laws, even if that means it slows down the lawmaking process
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: once elections are over, loosing candidates and parties should accept the election results in the interest of peace and development. statement 2: losing candidates and parties in elections should always have the right to challenge election results in the courts
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: our country should be governed primarily by religious law. statement 2: our country should be governed only by civil law
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: since the president was elected to lead the country, he should not be bound by laws or court decisions that he thinks are wrong.  statement 2: the president must always obey the laws and the courts, even if he thinks they are wrong
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: since the prime minister was elected to lead the country, he should not be bound by laws or court decisions that he thinks are wrong.  statement 2: the prime minister must always obey the laws and the courts, even if he thinks they are wrong
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: since the prime minister was elected to lead the country, he should not be bound by laws or court decisions that he thinks are wrong. statement 2: the prime minister must always obey the laws and the courts, even if he thinks they are wrong
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the government should be able to ban any organization that goes against its policies.           statement 2: we should be able to join any organization, whether or not the government approves of it
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the government should be able to ban any organization that goes against its policies. statement 2: we should be able to join any organization, whether or not the government approves of it
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the news media should constantly investigate and report on government mistakes and corruption.           statement 2: too much reporting on negative events, like government mistakes and corruption, only harms the country
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the news media should constantly investigate and report on government mistakes and corruption. statement 2: too much reporting on negative events, like government mistakes and corruption, only harms the country
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: we should choose our leaders in this country through regular, open and honest elections. statement 2: since elections sometimes produce bad results, we should adopt other methods for choosing this country’s leaders
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: whichever party or group wins elections should be able to pursue the policies they prefer, without needing to compromise with others. statement 2: in a democracy, it is important to make compromises between the preferences and needs of different group
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. do you agree or agree very strongly? statement 1: to make the free education policy a success, the government must invest more resources in education to ensure that all of the necessary schools, materials and teachers are available to provide a good quality education to all students. statement 2: the policy of free education for all students is too expensive; the government should cancel the policy and focus on providing high quality education for those who can afford to pay
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1:  the electoral commission of [country] performs its duties as a neutral body guided by law. statement 2:  the electoral commission of [country] makes decisions that favour particular people, parties or interests
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: communities are stronger when they are made up of people from different ethnic group, races, or religions. statement 2: communities are stronger when they are made up of people who are similar to each other, that is, people from the same ethnic group, race, or religion
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: government should be able to monitor private communications, for example on mobile phones, to make sure that people are not plotting violence. statement 2: people should have the right to communicate in private without a government agency reading or listening to what they are saying
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: in order to develop, our country must rely on trade with the rest of the world, including by opening our borders to foreign imports. statement 2: in order to develop, our country must rely on local production and protect local producers from foreign competition
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: it is important that as an independent nation, we finance development from our own resources, even if it means paying more taxes. statement 2: we should use external loans for the development of the country, even if it increases our indebtedness to foreign countries and institutions
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: the government should only allow citizens and companies of our own country to trade in consumer goods, even if this means we will have fewer goods or higher prices.           statement 2: the government should continue to permit foreigners and foreign corporations to set up retail shops in this country to ensure we have a wide choice of low-cost consumer goods
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: the government should only allow citizens and companies of our own country to trade in consumer goods, even if this means we will have fewer goods or higher prices. statement 2: the government should continue to permit foreigners and foreign corporations to set up retail shops in this country to ensure we have a wide choice of low-cost consumer goods
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: the media should have the right to publish any views and ideas without government control.           statement 2: the government should have the right to prevent the media from publishing things that it disapproves of
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: the media should have the right to publish any views and ideas without government control.          statement 2: the government should have the right to prevent the media from publishing things that it disapproves of
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: the media should have the right to publish any views and ideas without government control. statement 2: the government should have the right to prevent the media from publishing things that it disapproves of
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: traditional leaders are mostly in competition with elected leaders for resources, power and influence. statement 2: traditional leaders mostly work in cooperation with elected leaders to get things done
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: traditional leaders have a better grasp of political issues than ordinary people; they should give their people advice about how to vote. statement 2: traditional leaders should stay out of politics and leave people to make their own decisions about how to vote
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: unrestricted access to the internet and social media helps people to be more informed and active citizens and should be protected.           statement 2: information shared on the internet and social media is dividing [country]ans, so access should be regulated by government
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: unrestricted access to the internet and social media helps people to be more informed and active citizens and should be protected. statement 2: information shared on the internet and social media is dividing [[country]], so access should be regulated by government
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: unrestricted access to the internet and social media helps people to be more informed and active citizens and should be protected. statement 2: information shared on the internet and social media is dividing [country]ans, so access should be regulated by government
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: unrestricted access to the internet and social media helps people to be more informed and active citizens and should be protected. statement 2: information shared on the internet and social media is dividing [country]ns, so access should be regulated by government
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: unrestricted access to the internet and social media helps people to be more informed and active citizens and should be protected. statement 2: information shared on the internet and social media is dividing cape verdeans, so access should be regulated by government
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: unrestricted access to the internet and social media helps people to be more informed and active citizens and should be protected. statement 2: information shared on the internet and social media is dividing sierra leoneans, so access should be regulated by government
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: unrestricted access to the internet and social media helps people to be more informed and active citizens, and should be protected.           statement 2: information shared on the internet and social media is dividing [country]ans, so access should be regulated by government
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: unrestricted access to the internet and social media helps people to be more informed and active citizens, and should be protected. statement 2: information shared on the internet and social media is dividing [batswana], so access should be regulated by government
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: unrestricted access to the internet and social media helps people to be more informed and active citizens, and should be protected. statement 2: information shared on the internet and social media is dividing [country], so access should be regulated by government
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: unrestricted access to the internet and social media helps people to be more informed and active citizens, and should be protected. statement 2: information shared on the internet and social media is dividing [country]ns, so access should be regulated by government
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: unrestricted access to the internet and social media helps people to be more informed and active citizens, and should be protected. statement 2: information shared on the internet and social media is dividing [nationality], so access should be regulated by government
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: unrestricted access to the internet and social media helps people to be more informed and active citizens, and should be protected. statement 2: information shared on the internet and social media is dividing batswana, so access should be regulated by government
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: unrestricted access to the internet and social media helps people to be more informed and active citizens, and should be protected. statement 2: information shared on the internet and social media is dividing eswatini, so access should be regulated by government
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: unrestricted access to the internet and social media helps people to be more informed and active citizens, and should be protected. statement 2: information shared on the internet and social media is dividing ethiopians, so access should be regulated by government
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: unrestricted access to the internet and social media helps people to be more informed and active citizens, and should be protected. statement 2: information shared on the internet and social media is dividing gabonese, so access should be regulated by government
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: unrestricted access to the internet and social media helps people to be more informed and active citizens, and should be protected. statement 2: information shared on the internet and social media is dividing gambians, so access should be regulated by government
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: unrestricted access to the internet and social media helps people to be more informed and active citizens, and should be protected. statement 2: information shared on the internet and social media is dividing guineans, so access should be regulated by government
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: unrestricted access to the internet and social media helps people to be more informed and active citizens, and should be protected. statement 2: information shared on the internet and social media is dividing kenyans, so access should be regulated by government
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: unrestricted access to the internet and social media helps people to be more informed and active citizens, and should be protected. statement 2: information shared on the internet and social media is dividing liberians, so access should be regulated by government
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: unrestricted access to the internet and social media helps people to be more informed and active citizens, and should be protected. statement 2: information shared on the internet and social media is dividing mauritian, so access should be regulated by government
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: unrestricted access to the internet and social media helps people to be more informed and active citizens, and should be protected. statement 2: information shared on the internet and social media is dividing moroccans, so access should be regulated by government
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: unrestricted access to the internet and social media helps people to be more informed and active citizens, and should be protected. statement 2: information shared on the internet and social media is dividing sudanese, so access should be regulated by government
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: unrestricted access to the internet and social media helps people to be more informed and active citizens, and should be protected. statement 2: information shared on the internet and social media is dividing tunisia, so access should be regulated by government
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to [botswana], they should enforce strict requirements on how the funds are spent. statement 2: when other countries give [botswana] loans or development assistance, they should allow our government to make its own decisions about how to use the resources
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to [botswana], they should enforce strict requirements on how the funds are spent. statement 2: when other countries give [country]] loans or development assistance, they should allow our government to make its own decisions about how to use the resources
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to [botswana], they should enforce strict requirements to make sure our government promotes democracy and respects human rights. statement 2: even if other countries give [botswana] loans or development assistance, our government should make its own decisions about democracy and human rights
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to [country], they should enforce strict requirements on how the funds are spent. statement 2: when other countries give [country] loans or development assistance, they should allow our government to make its own decisions about how to use the resources
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to [country], they should enforce strict requirements to make sure our government promotes democracy and respects human rights. statement 2: even if other countries give [botswana] loans or development assistance, our government should make its own decisions about democracy and human rights
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to [country], they should enforce strict requirements to make sure our government promotes democracy and respects human rights. statement 2: even if other countries give [country] loans or development assistance, our government should make its own decisions about democracy and human rights
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to botswana, they should enforce strict requirements on how the funds are spent. statement 2: when other countries give botswana loans or development assistance, they should allow our government to make its own decisions about how to use the resources
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to botswana, they should enforce strict requirements to make sure our government promotes democracy and respects human rights. statement 2: even if other countries give botswana loans or development assistance, our government should make its own decisions about democracy and human rights
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to cape verde, they should enforce strict requirements on how the funds are spent. statement 2: when other countries give cape verde loans or development assistance, they should allow our government to make its own decisions about how to use the resources
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to cape verde, they should enforce strict requirements to make sure our government promotes democracy and respects human rights. statement 2: even if other countries give cape verde loans or development assistance, our government should make its own decisions about democracy and human rights
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to eswatini, they should enforce strict requirements on how the funds are spent. statement 2: when other countries give eswatini loans or development assistance, they should allow our government to make its own decisions about how to use the resources
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to eswatini, they should enforce strict requirements to make sure our government promotes democracy and respects human rights. statement 2: even if other countries give eswatini loans or development assistance, our government should make its own decisions about democracy and human rights
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to ethiopia, they should enforce strict requirements on how the funds are spent. statement 2: when other countries give ethiopia loans or development assistance, they should allow our government to make its own decisions about how to use the resources
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to ethiopia, they should enforce strict requirements to make sure our government promotes democracy and respects human rights. statement 2: even if other countries give ethiopia loans or development assistance, our government should make its own decisions about democracy and human rights
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to gabon, they should enforce strict requirements on how the funds are spent. statement 2: when other countries give gabon loans or development assistance, they should allow our government to make its own decisions about how to use the resources
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to gabon, they should enforce strict requirements to make sure our government promotes democracy and respects human rights. statement 2: even if other countries give gabon loans or development assistance, our government should make its own decisions about democracy and human rights
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to guinea, they should enforce strict requirements on how the funds are spent. statement 2: when other countries give botswana loans or development assistance, they should allow our government to make its own decisions about how to use the resources
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to guinea, they should enforce strict requirements to make sure our government promotes democracy and respects human rights. statement 2: even if other countries give guinea loans or development assistance, our government should make its own decisions about democracy and human rights
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to kenya, they should enforce strict requirements on how the funds are spent. statement 2: when other countries give kenya loans or development assistance, they should allow our government to make its own decisions about how to use the resources
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to kenya, they should enforce strict requirements to make sure our government promotes democracy and respects human rights. statement 2: even if other countries give kenya loans or development assistance, our government should make its own decisions about democracy and human rights
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to lesotho, they should enforce strict requirements on how the funds are spent. statement 2: when other countries give lesotho loans or development assistance, they should allow our government to make its own decisions about how to use the resources
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to lesotho, they should enforce strict requirements to make sure our government promotes democracy and respects human rights. statement 2: even if other countries give lesotho loans or development assistance, our government should make its own decisions about democracy and human rights
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to liberia, they should enforce strict requirements on how the funds are spent. statement 2: when other countries give liberia loans or development assistance, they should allow our government to make its own decisions about how to use the resources
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to liberia, they should enforce strict requirements to make sure our government promotes democracy and respects human rights. statement 2: even if other countries give liberia loans or development assistance, our government should make its own decisions about democracy and human rights
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to mauritius, they should enforce strict requirements on how the funds are spent. statement 2: when other countries give mauritius loans or development assistance, they should allow our government to make its own decisions about how to use the resources
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to mauritius, they should enforce strict requirements to make sure our government promotes democracy and respects human rights. statement 2: even if other countries give mauritius loans or development assistance, our government should make its own decisions about democracy and human rights
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to morocco, they should enforce strict requirements on how the funds are spent. statement 2: when other countries give morocco loans or development assistance, they should allow our government to make its own decisions about how to use the resources
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to morocco, they should enforce strict requirements to make sure our government promotes democracy and respects human rights. statement 2: even if other countries give morocco loans or development assistance, our government should make its own decisions about democracy and human rights
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to sierra leone, they should enforce strict requirements on how the funds are spent. statement 2: when other countries give sierra leone loans or development assistance, they should allow our government to make its own decisions about how to use the resources
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to sierra leone, they should enforce strict requirements to make sure our government promotes democracy and respects human rights.           statement 2: even if other countries give sierra leone loans or development assistance, our government should make its own decisions about democracy and human rights
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to sudan, they should enforce strict requirements on how the funds are spent. statement 2: when other countries give sudan loans or development assistance, they should allow our government to make its own decisions about how to use the resources
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to sudan, they should enforce strict requirements to make sure our government promotes democracy and respects human rights. statement 2: even if other countries give sudan loans or development assistance, our government should make its own decisions about democracy and human rights
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to the gambia they should enforce strict requirements on how the funds are spent. statement 2: when other countries give the gambia loans or development assistance, they should allow our government to make its own decisions about how to use the resources
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to the gambia, they should enforce strict requirements to make sure our government promotes democracy and respects human rights. statement 2: even if other countries give the gambia loans or development assistance, our government should make its own decisions about democracy and human rights
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to tunisia, they should enforce strict requirements on how the funds are spent. statement 2: when other countries give tunisia loans or development assistance, they should allow our government to make its own decisions about how to use the resources
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: when other countries give loans or development assistance to tunisia, they should enforce strict requirements to make sure our government promotes democracy and respects human rights. statement 2: even if other countries give tunisia loans or development assistance, our government should make its own decisions about democracy and human rights
which of the following statements is closest to your view? statement 1: after losing an election, opposition parties should monitor and criticize the government in order to hold it accountable. statement 2: once an election is over, opposition parties and politicians should accept defeat and cooperate with government to help it develop the country
which of the following statements is closest to your view? statement 1: county governments are making significant difference in service delivery to citizens and should be given more resources for service delivery. statement 2:  county governments have mostly failed to effectively use resources allocated to them for service delivery to citizens and should not be given more resources
which of the following three statements is closest to your own opinion?          statement 1: it is better to have smaller political parties that are affiliated with ethnic group so that the interests of each group are sure to be represented. statement 2: it is better to have larger, multi-ethnic political parties that represent the interests of many peoples and can focus on what is best for all ethiopians
which of the following three statements is closest to your own opinion? statement 1: because of ethiopia’s diversity, some type of federalism with independent regional governments is still the best form of government for the country. statement 2: federalism is too divisive and leads to conflicts; ethiopia should change to a unitary government in which the central government has more authority in decision making
which of the following three statements is closest to your own opinion? statement 1: if ethiopia remains a federal system, then the current system of ethnic federalism, where regions are defined based on ethnic group, should be kept. statement 2: if ethiopia remains a federal system, it should change to a system where regions are based only on geographical features of the country, not on where different ethnic group live
which of the following three statements is closest to your own opinion? statement 1: the current constitution of ethiopia should be kept as it is; there is no need for changes or reforms. statement 2: the country’s current constitution should be kept, but it should be amended to meet the needs of the current time. statement 3: the current constitution should be discarded and replaced with a new constitution
which of these statements is closest to your own opinion?           statement 1: traditional leaders mostly look out for what is best for the people in their communities. statement 2: traditional leaders mostly serve the interests of politicians and government officials. statement 3: traditional leaders mostly look out for their own personal interests
which of these statements is closest to your own opinion? statement 1: traditional leaders mostly look out for what is best for the people in their communities. statement 2: traditional leaders mostly serve the interests of politicians and government officials. statement 3: traditional leaders mostly look out for their own personal interests
which of these things do you personally own? [if no, ask: ] does anyone else in your household own one: bank account
which of these things do you personally own? [if no, ask: ] does anyone else in your household own one: computer
which of these things do you personally own? [if no, ask: ] does anyone else in your household own one: mobile phone
which of these things do you personally own? [if no, ask: ] does anyone else in your household own one: motor vehicle or motorcycle
which of these things do you personally own? [if no, ask: ] does anyone else in your household own one: radio
which of these things do you personally own? [if no, ask: ] does anyone else in your household own one: television
which of these things do you personally own? [if no, ask:] does anyone else in your household own one: an informal or small-scale business
which of these things do you personally own? [if no, ask:] does anyone else in your household own one: an operational registered business
which of these things do you personally own? [if no, ask:] does anyone else in your household own one: bank account
which of these things do you personally own? [if no, ask:] does anyone else in your household own one: computer
which of these things do you personally own? [if no, ask:] does anyone else in your household own one: mobile phone
which of these things do you personally own? [if no, ask:] does anyone else in your household own one: motor vehicle or motorcycle
which of these things do you personally own? [if no, ask:] does anyone else in your household own one: radio
which of these things do you personally own? [if no, ask:] does anyone else in your household own one: television
which of these things do you personally own? [if no, ask:] does anyone else in your household own one: the home that you live in
which of these three statements is closest to your own opinion?  statement 1: democracy is preferable to any other kind of government statement 2: in some circumstances, a non-democratic government can be preferable.          statement 3: for someone like me, it doesn’t matter what kind of government we have
which of these three statements is closest to your own opinion?  statement 1: democracy is preferable to any other kind of government statement 2: in some circumstances, a non-democratic government can be preferable. statement 3: for someone like me, it doesn’t matter what kind of government we have
which of these three statements on land reform is closest to your view
which party is that
which sierra leonean languages do you speak
which sudanese languages do you speak
which swati languages do you speak
which tunisian languages do you speak
who is the head of this household, that is, the person who has primary responsibility for making decisions on behalf of the household
who should be responsible for: making sure that, once elected, members of national assembly do their jobs
who should be responsible for: making sure that, once elected, members of parliament do their jobs
who should be responsible for: making sure that, once elected, members of peoples’ representatives do their jobs
who should be responsible for: making sure that, once elected, members of the house of representatives do their jobs
who should be responsible for: making sure that, once elected, members of the national assembly do their jobs
who should be responsible for: making sure that, once elected, members of the representative assembly of the people
who should be responsible for: making sure that, once elected, the president does his job
who should be responsible for: making sure that, once elected, the president does his or her job
who should be responsible for: making sure that, once elected, the president of the republic does his job
who should be responsible for: making sure that, once elected, the prime minister does his job
with regard to the last general election in 2015, to what extent do you think the results announced by the national elections commission accurately reflected the actual results as counted
with regard to the last legislative election in 2018, to what extent do you think the results announced by the [independent electoral commission] accurately reflected the actual results as counted
with regard to the last national election in [2015], to what extent do you think the results announced by the [independent electoral commission] accurately reflected the actual results as counted
with regard to the last national election in [20xx], to what extent do you think the results announced by the [independent electoral commission] accurately reflected the actual results as counted
with regard to the last national election in 2014, to what extent do you think the results announced by the electoral commission of [country] or ecn accurately reflected the actual results as counted
with regard to the last national election in 2014, to what extent do you think the results announced by the independent electoral commission accurately reflected the actual results as counted
with regard to the last national election in 2015, to what extent do you think the results announced by the [independent electoral commission] accurately reflected the actual results as counted
with regard to the last national election in 2016, to what extent do you think the results announced by the [independent electoral commission] accurately reflected the actual results as counted
with regard to the last national election in 2016, to what extent do you think the results announced by the electoral commission accurately reflected the actual results as counted
with regard to the last national election in 2016, to what extent do you think the results announced by the electoral commission of [country] accurately reflected the actual results as counted
with regard to the last national election in 2017, to what extent do you think the results announced by the [independent electoral commission] accurately reflected the actual results as counted
with regard to the last national election in 2017, to what extent do you think the results announced by the independent and boundaries commission or iebc, accurately reflected the actual results as counted
with regard to the last national election in 2018, to what extent do you think the results announced by the [country] electoral commission or zec accurately reflected the actual results as counted
with regard to the last national election in 2018, to what extent do you think the results announced by the [independent electoral commission] accurately reflected the actual results as counted
with regard to the last national election in 2019, to what extent do you think the results announced by the [independent electoral commission] accurately reflected the actual results as counted
with regard to the last national election in 2019, to what extent do you think the results announced by the independent electoral commission accurately reflected the actual results as counted
with regard to the last national election in 2019, to what extent do you think the results announced by the independent high authority for the elections or isie accurately reflected the actual results as counted
with regard to the last presidential election in 2018, to what extent do you think the results announced by the [independent electoral commission] accurately reflected the actual results as counted
within country weighting factor
within country weighting factor, weights to ea level ("old ab withinwt")
would you agree or disagree that the constitution be revised or redrafted to allow president alpha condé to run for a third term
would you say the national anti-corruption agency or inlucc has been effective or ineffective in the fight against corruption in tunisia
would you say there has been little, a lot, or no education at all on the december 2019 referendum that will determine whether local government elections should be made partisan or remain non-partisan
