A Socio-Demographics & sample characteristics
A_01 General
Gender of respondent
Race of respondent
Age
Language of respondent
Education of respondent
Religion of respondent
Religious practice
Occupation of respondent
Employer of respondent
Employment status
A_02 Household characteristics
Number of adults in household
A_03 Location characteristics
A_03_01 Location
Country
Urban or rural Primary Sampling Unit
Province or Region
District
A_03_02 Local Services
Electricity grid in the PSU/EA
Piped water system in the PSU/EA
Sewage system in the PSU/EA
Cell phone service in the PSU/EA
Post office in the PSU/EA
School in the PSU/EA
Police station in the PSU/EA
Health Clinic in the PSU/EA
Market stalls in the PSU/EA
Bank in the PSU/EA
Paid transport in the PSU/EA
Any policemen or police vehicles in the PSU/EA
Soldiers/army in the PSU/EA
Roadblocks by police/army in the PSU/EA
Roadblocks by private security/local community in the PSU/EA
Customs checkpoints in the PSU/EA
Tarred/ paved road
Impassable road
B Interview conditions
B_01 Interview Conditions
Language of interview
Others present
Check with others
Influence by others
Approached by community/party representatives
Feel threatened
Physically threatened
Proportion difficulty answering
Date of interview
B_02 Respondent Attitude
Respondent friendly
Respondent interested
Respondent cooperative
Respondent patient
Respondent at ease
Respondent honest
Perceived survey sponsor
B_03 Interviewer Info
Interviewer's Age
Interviewer's Gender
Interviewer rural or urban
Interviewer's home language
Interviewer's education
Interviewer's Ethnicity
C Economy
C_01 National Economic Conditions
Country´s present economic condition
Country´s economic condition compared to 12 months ago
Country´s economic condition in 12 months time
Overall direction of the country
C_02 Personal Economic Conditions
Your present living conditions
Your living conditions vs. others
How often gone without food
How often gone without water
How often gone without medical care
How often gone without cooking fuel
How often gone without cash income
Location of toilet or latrine
Source of water for household use
Own radio
Own television
Own motor vehicle, car or motorcycle
Type of shelter of respondent
Roof of respondent´s home
How often received remittances
Electric connection from mains
D Democracy and politics
D_01 Rights and Freedoms
Freedom to say what you think
Freedom to join any political organizations
Freedom to choose who to vote for
How often careful what you say
Government bans organizations vs. join any
Newspapers free to publish vs. government control
D_02 Demand for Democracy
Reject one-party rule
Reject military rule
Reject one-man rule
Support for democracy
Choose leaders through elections vs. other methods
Political parties divisive vs. many parties needed
Presidential two term limit vs. no term limits
Government gets things done but no citizen influence vs. Govt. accountable to citizens
D_03 Supply of Democracy
Extent of democracy
Satisfaction with democracy
How often news media abuse its freedom
How often party competition leads to conflict
How often president ignores laws
How often opposition parties silenced by government
How often president ignores parliament
Freeness and fairness of the last national election
Elections: fair count of votes
How effective the news media reveals government mistakes and corruption
Elections: opposition prevented from running
Elections: fair media coverage
Elections: voters are bribed
Elections: voters have genuine choice
Elections: voters threatened
D_04 Meaning of Democracy
Understand democracy
Meaning of democracy
D_05 System Legitimacy
Courts make binding decisions
People must obey the law
People must pay taxes
Obey government always vs. only if vote for it
D_07 Horizontal Accountability
Parliament makes laws vs. president does
President free to act vs. obey the laws and courts
President monitored by parliament vs. free to act on own
Opposition parties examine government vs. cooperate
Media checks government vs. avoid negative reporting
Elections ensure voters' views are reflected
Elections enable voters to remove leaders from office
Leaders serve interests of people or their own
Main difference between ruling and opposition parties
Ruling vs. opposition: controlling prices
Ruling vs. opposition: creating jobs
Ruling vs. opposition: improving health
Ruling vs. opposition: fighting corruption
Political opposition is viable alternative
Other political party could solve first problem
E Institutions and leaders
E_01 President/Presidency
Trust president
Performance: President
E_02 MPs/Parliament/National Assembly
Trust parliament/national assembly
Members of parliament listen
Performance: MP/National Assembly rep.
E_03 Local Government Council/Councilors
Trust your elected local government council
Trust traditional leaders
Local government councilors listen
Performance: local government councilor
Performance: traditional leader
E_04 Courts and Security
Trust police
Trust army
Trust courts of law
E_05 Trust - Others
Trust national electoral commission
Trust the ruling party
Trust tax department
Trust opposition political parties
Trust religious leaders
F Participation-Civic engagement
F_01 Political Engagement
F_01_01 How often do you get news from the following sources
Interest in public affairs
Discuss politics
F_02 Membership
Member of religious group
Member of voluntary association or community group
F_03 Civil Action
Attend a community meeting
Join others to raise an issue
Attend a demonstration or protest march
Refuse to pay tax or fee to government
Voting in the most recent national election
Last national election: attend a campaign rally
Last national election: attend a campaign meeting
Last national election: persuade others to vote for a certain candidate or party
Last national election: work for a candidate or party
F_04 Contacting
Contact local government councilor
Contact MP
Contact official of a government agency
Contact political party official
Contact religious leader
Contact traditional leader
Contact media
Contact alone or in group
Contact government official for help
Contact for community or personal problem
Neighbors: people of different religion
Neighbors: people of different ethnicity
Neighbors: homosexuals
Neighbors: people with HIV/AIDS
Neighbors: immigrants and foreign workers
G Government services and performance policy preferences
G_01 Central Government Performance
Handling managing the economy
Handling improving living standards of the poor
Handling creating jobs
Handling keeping prices down
Handling narrowing income gaps
Handling reducing crime
Handling improving basic health services
Handling addressing educational needs
Handling providing water and sanitation services
Handling ensuring enough to eat
Handling fighting corruption
Handling maintaining roads and bridges
Handling providing reliable electric supply
G_02 Local Government Performance
Local govt. handling maintaining roads
Local govt. handling maintaining local markets
G_03 Quality of Public Services
Difficulty to obtain identity document
Difficulty to obtain services from government
Difficulty to obtain help from the police
Difficulty to obtain public school services
Difficulty to obtain medical treatment
Difficulty to obtain assistance from courts
Problems with courts: too expensive
Problems with courts: too complex
Problems with courts: no advice
Problems with courts: judge did not listen
Problems with courts: long delays
Most important problems
Handling first problem
Contact with government court or tribunal
Reason for not taking case to court
Right or wrong: not paying for the government services
Who responsible: MPs do jobs
Who responsible: local councilors do jobs
Who responsible: president does job
First priority for investment
Second priority for investment
J Citizenship and identity
J_01 Group identity
Tribe or ethnic group
Ethnic group treated unfairly
Ethnic or national identity
J_03 Political Affiliation
Close to political party
Which party
Vote for which party
J_04 Citizenship
Citizens vote
Citizens avoid criticizing government
Citizens complain for poor services
Citizens request personal assistance from elected leaders
Citizens pay taxes
Citizens agree with community on political issues
Join others to request government action
K Equality and gender
How often people treated unequally
How often officials unpunished
How often ordinary people unpunished
Men only as leaders vs. women leaders ok
L Taxation
Citizens must pay taxes vs. no need to tax the people
Right or wrong: not paying the taxes
Pay more taxes to increase health spending
Difficulty to find out what taxes or fees to pay
Difficulty to avoid paying taxes
M Crime and security
How much fear political intimidation or violence
How often felt unsafe walking in neighborhood
How often feared crime in home
Had something stolen from house
Have been physically attacked
N Corruption
Corruption: government officials
Corruption: tax officials
Corruption: local government councilors
Corruption: traditional leaders
Corruption: religious leaders
Corruption: business executives
Level of corruption
Corruption: office of the Presidency
Corruption: members of parliament
Corruption: police
Corruption: judges and magistrates
Reported payment of bribes to government
Bribery: authorities took action
Bribery: suffered retaliation
Main reason for not reporting corruption
Pay bribe for document or permit
Pay bribe for treatment at public clinic or hospital
Pay bribe to avoid problem with police
Pay bribe for school services
Pay bribe: do a favor for a government official
Pay bribe to get assistance from courts
People can fight corruption
Most effective way to combat corruption
O International relations
Regional organization helps country
African Union helps country
China´s influence on economy
China´s influence: positive or negative
Positive image of China
Negative image of China
China´s assistance does a good job at meeting country´s needs
Free movement across borders vs. limit movement
Regional responsibility to prevent abuses vs. respect sovereignty of nations
Difficulty of crossing borders
Country with most influence
Model country for development
X Other
X_01 Use of technology
Own mobile phone
How often use a mobile phone
How often use the internet
Z Country specific
Z_ALG Algeria
Q84_ALG. Govt can violate human rights to ensure peace and security vs never violate human rights
Q82A_ALG. Impact of Arab Spring: Northern Africa
Q82B_ALG. Impact of Arab Spring: Algeria
Q83A_ALG. Freedom of Speech now vs before Arab Spring
Q83B_ALG. Govt respect for human rights now vs before Arab Spring
Q83C_ALG. Preservation of law, order and stability now vs before Arab Spring
Q83D_ALG. Corruption among public officials now vs before Arab Spring
Q83E_ALG. Income gap between rich and poor now vs before Arab Spring
Q83F_ALG. Regional inequality now vs before Arab Spring
Q83G_ALG. Public's right to choose leaders now vs before Arab Spring
Q83H_ALG. Political competition now vs before Arab Spring
Q83I_ALG. Reputation of Govt now vs before Arab Spring
Q85A_ALG. How active is Islamic movement in Algeria: ISIL
Q85B_ALG. How active is Islamic movement in Algeria: AQIM
Q86A_ALG. Extent of threat by ASIL and AQIM
Q86B1_ALG. Main reason people join ASIL - 1st response
Q86B2_ALG. Main reason people join ASIL - 2nd response
Z_ARB Arab specific questions
Q39_ARB_d. Our country is better off if religious people hold public positions in the state.
Q39_ARB_c. Religious leaders like imams, preachers and priests should not interfere in voters' decisions in elections
Q39_ARB_b. In a Muslim country, non-Muslims should enjoy less political rights than Muslims.
Q39_ARB_a. Democracy is a system that contradicts the teachings of Islam
Q28d_ARB. A system governed by Islamic law without elections or political parties
Z_BDI Burundi
Independence of the judiciary from the executive vs. dependent
Have you ever heard of Reconciliation and Truth Commission
Factors limiting the effectiveness of CVR
Have you ever heard of the National Commission of Land and other Assets
CNTB plays its role without any political or ethnic leaning vs takes decisions that favour certain groups
Pre-election context: risk of fragmentation of political parties
Pre-election context: risk of intimidation or violence by parties not in power
Pre-election context: risk of intimidation or violence by parties in power
Z_BEN Benin
Keep our community clean
The most important consequences of free education_1st answer
The most important consequences of free education_2nd answer
Local Council: Inform citizens of action plans
Local Council: Inform citizens about the budget
Local Council: Participative decision-making
Local Council: Consult others before decision-making
Local Council: Provide effective means of managing complaints
Local Council: Ensure resources are used for public interest
Local Council: Provide activities to help marginalised groups
Appraisal state Health Centre: The reception
Appraisal state Health Centre: The cost of care provisions
Appraisal state Health Centre: The quality of health care
Appraisal state Health Centre: The Satisfaction of care services received
Appraisal state Health Centre: The quality of infrastructure
Appraisal state Health Centre: The quality of the food offered to patients
Gender: Harassment in the workplace
Gender: Genital Mutilation
Gender: Physical Abuse
Gender: Rape
Gender: Psychological violence
Gender: Sexual Violence
Z_BFO Burkina Faso
Q52a1_BFO. Trust prime minister
Q52f_BFO. Trust the parties of the former presidential movement
Q52g_BFO. Trust the political parties of the former opposition
Q53a1_BFO. Corruption: office of the Prime Minister
Q68a_BFO. Performance: President
Q68a1_BFO. Performance: Prime Minister
Q68b_BFO. Performance: CNT
Q68c_BFO. Performance: Special delegation
Q68d_BFO. Performance: traditional leader
Q82_BFO. Traditional leaders should remain apolitical vs can join political party
Q83a_BFO. Truth needed to get over Oct 2014 revolt vs better to forget
Q83b_BFO. Suspects of Oct 2014 revolt should be granted amnesty vs prosecuted
Q83c_BFO. Best option for reconciliation in Burkina
Q83d_BFO. Best way to honour victims of Oct 2014 revolt
Q84a_BFO. Gains of former state dignitaries should be expropriated for state benefit
Q84b_BFO. Street protests following the Oct 2014 revolt are good for democracy
Q84c_BFO. Supporters of proposed amendment to Article 37 of the Constitution should be ineligible for election
Q84d_BFO. Amnesty for the former heads of state should be maintained.
Q84e_BFO. Those who lost their property during Oct 2014 revolt should be compensated
Q85_BFO. CENI is impartial vs favours groups/parties/special interests
Q86_BFO. Western governments' opinions are important for promotion of democracy vs an interference
Z_BOT Botswana
The law should require ministers, MP´s and other senior govt officers to declare assets
The law should require the president to regularly appear before parliament to aswer questions
The state should provide funding to all political parties
I would not mind having someone in a same-sex relationship as a co-worker
I would not mind having someone in a same-sex relationship as my supervisor
I would not mind having someone in a same-sex relationship as a member in my religious community
Report to police if SON/DAUGHTER in same-sex relationship
Report to police if BROTHER/SISTER in same-sex relationship
Report to police if RELATIVE in same-sex relationship
Report to police if FRIEND in same-sex relationship
Report to police if CO-WORKER in same-sex relationship
Report to police if OTHER PEOPLE in same-sex relationship
Bogosi to be abolished vs. retained
Choosing president through direct election vs. Parliament
Choosing councillors through voters vs Minister
Z_CAM Camerun
Q69a1_CAM. Who responsible: Senators do jobs
Q82a_CAM. proportional representation: Placements in Public service schools
Q82b_CAM. proportional representation: Appointments into public office
Q82c_CAM. the proportional representation: Placements in the Military and Police service schools
Q82d_CAM. Effectiveness of 'Operation Sparrow Hawk'
Q82e_CAM. 'Operation Sparrow Hawk' used by the gvt to suppress political rivals
Q83a_CAM. Support for extremist groups: Traditional leaders
Q83b_CAM. Support for extremist groups: Local gvt officials
Q83c_CAM. Support for extremist groups: Senior officials in gvt
Q83d_CAM. Support for extremist groups: Military
Q83d_CAM. Support for extremist groups: Members of National Assembly
Q83f_CAM. Support for extremist groups: Cameroonian muslims
Q83g_CAM. Support for extremist groups: International extremist groups
Q84a_CAM. Reason why some people in Cameroon support and assist Boko Haram
Q84b_CAM. How effective the gvt has been in its efforts to address Boko Haram
Q84c1_CAM The best way for the government to be more effective in addressing armed extremist groups - 1st response
Q84c2_CAM. The best way for the government to be more effective in addressing armed extremist groups - 2nd response
Q85a_CAM. The size of the current government should be trimmed down
Q85b_CAM. The establishment of the Senate in Cameroon will only increase public expenditure
Q85c1_CAM. Membership helps people in public office: secret society
Q85c2_CAM. Membership helps people in public office: ethnic group
Q85c3_CAM. Membership helps people in public office: region
Q85c4_CAM. Membership helps people in public office: religion
Q86a_CAM. All revivalist churches should be free to operate vs Only those that have received gvt permits
Q86b_CAM. Revivalist churches should be free to promote any ideas vs The gvt should close those that deceive believers
Q86c_CAM. Extent of revivalist churches thatt are dishonest or deceive believers
Q116A1. Interviewer's Tribe/Ethnic Group
Z_CDI Ivory Coast
Q82a_CDI. Best option for lasting peace and reconciliation in country
Q82b_CDI. Solution for ex-combatants
Q83a_CDI. Best for national reconciliation: Victim identification and reparation having regard to the extent of damage suffered
Q83b_CDI. Best for national reconciliation: Victim identification and return of property
Q83c_CDI. Best for national reconciliation: Victim identification and compensation for damages in the form of a lump sum
Q83d_CDI. Best for national reconciliation: Ensuring the safety of Ivorian refugees and IDPs returning
Q83e_CDI. Best for national reconciliation: Reintegration of Ivorian refugees and IDPs
Q83f_CDI. Best for national reconciliation: Unfreezing assets for Ivorian refugees and IDPs
Q84_CDI. Public officials should not hold several positions vs current practice of allowing them to hold several official functions ok
Q85a_CDI. Public health clinics compared to non-public: Attitude
Q85b_CDI. Public health clinics compared to non-public: Cost
Q85c_CDI. Public health clinics compared to non-public: Quality
Q85d_CDI. Public health clinics compared to non-public: Satisfaction with service
Q85e_CDI. Public health clinics compared to non-public: Quality of infrastructure
Q86a_CDI. Measures for peaceful, free and fair elections: Independent electoral commission
Q86b_CDI. Measures for peaceful, free and fair elections: Candidates' freedom of expression
Q86c_CDI. Measures for peaceful, free and fair elections: Abide by election results
Q86d_CDI. Measures for peaceful, free and fair elections: Display of election results at polling stations
Q86e_CDI. Measures for peaceful, free and fair elections: Deployment of national and international election observers
Q86f_CDI. Measures for peaceful, free and fair elections: Copy of voters list to each political party
Q86g_CDI. Measures for peaceful, free and fair elections: Display of voters list on internet
Q86h_CDI. Measures for peaceful, free and fair elections: Electronic transfer of election results from Districts to Abidjan
Z_CVE Cape Verde
Q52a1-CVE. Trust prime minister
Q53a1-CVE. Corruption: office of the Prime minister
Q68a1-CVE. Performance: Prime‎ Minister
Q68b1-CVE. Performance: Mayor
Q69c1-CVE. Who responsible: prime minister does job
Q82a-CVE. Have the President and the Prime Minister worked well together or is their relationship tense
Q82b-CVE. Who is responsible for the deterioration in relations, the President or the Prime Minister
Q82c-CVE. Has the relationship between the President and Prime Minister negatively impacted the state's institutions' operations
Q83-CVE. Prime Minister who governs and a President with limited power vs. President is directly responsible for governance
Q84-CVE. Government's priority should be to develop the country's infrastructure vs should be to create direct incentives for the private sector
Q85a-CVE. Is regionalization a favorable or unfavorable policy for Cape Verde
Q85b-CVE. Regionalization has been heavily discussed vs there is still a need for in-depth discussion
Q86-CVE. Should the government establish a Constitutional Court or should it strengthen District Courts
Z_EGY Egypt
Q52f_egy. Trust the government in power
Q53A_EGY.Corruption: officials in the Presidency
Q53G_EGY. Corruption: court officials
Q63_egy_a. Ruling vs. opposition: controlling prices
Q63_egy_a. Ruling vs. opposition: controlling prices
Q63_egy_b. Ruling vs. opposition: creating jobs
Q63_egy_c. Ruling vs. opposition: improving health services
Q63_egy_d. Ruling vs. opposition: fighting corruption
Q79egy_c.COMESA helps country
Q82A_EGY. Impact of Arab Spring: Northern Africa
Q82B_EGY. Impact of Arab Spring: Egypt
Q83C_EGY. Freedom of Speech now vs before Arab Spring
Q83B_EGY. Govt respect for human right now vs before Arab Spring
Q83C_EGY. Preservation of law, order and stability now vs before Arab Spring
Q83D_EGY. Corruption among public officials now vs before Arab Spring
Q83E_EGY. Income gap between rich and poor now vs before Arab Spring
Q83F_EGY. Regional inequality now vs before Arab Spring
Q83G_EGY. Public's right to choose leaders now vs before the Arab Spring
Q83H_EGY. Political competition now vs before the Arab Spring
Q83I_EGY. Reputation of govt now vs before the Arab Spring
Q84_EGY. Govt can violate human rights to ensure peace and security vs never violate human rights
Q85A_EGY. How active is Islamic movement in Egypt: ISIL
Q85B_EGY. How active is Islamic movement in Egypt: AQIM
Q86A_EGY. Extent of threat by ASIL and AQIM
Q86B1_EGY. Main reason people join ASIL - 1st response
Q86B2_EGY. Main reason people join ASIL - 2nd response
Q98a_egy. Religion of respondent
Z_GAB Gabon
Departement
Q24b1.GAB: Contact Senator in Parliament
Q68b1_GAB. Performance: Senator in Parliament
Q69a1_GAB: Les sénateurs font leur travail
Q79a1_GAB. Regional organisation CEEAC helps country
Q79a2_GAB. Regional organisation CEMAC helps country
Q82A_GAB: Govt should use oil revenues on socio-economic improvement projects
Q82B_GAB: Govt should transfer oil revenues directly to citizens
Q83A_GAB: Govt should use oil revenues to feed FSRG vs to meet country needs
Q83B_GAB: Govt should create fund to develop oil rich region vs development will widen development gap between regions
Q84_GAB: Govt effective in using oil revenues to improve living conditions of country
Q85A_GAB: Person considered a citizen if: born in Gabon, only one parent from Gabon
Q85B_GAB: Person considered a citizen if: born in Gabon, neither parents from Gabon
Q85C_GAB: Person considered a citizen if: woman not born in Gabon, but husband is Gabonese
Q85D_GAB: Person considered a citizen if: man not born in Gabon, but wife is Gabonese
Q87E_GAB: Person considered a citizen if: has worked in Gabon for many years and wishes to be Gabonese
Q85F_GAB: Person considered a citizen if: wants dual citizenship
Q86_GAB: Best solution to youth unemployment
Z_GHA Ghana
Suffered armed robbery attack or murder
Trust information from govt. sources
Corruption: Electoral Commission Officials
Corruption: District Chief Executive
Local govt. making Assembly´s program of work known
Local govt. providing information about Assembly´s budget
Performance: District Chief Executive
Death penalty is a good deterrent against crimes
Law on death penalty be maintained for persons who commit crimes
Law on death penalty be maintained for persons who commit treason
There is no crime for which death penalty can be justified
Only political parties with MPs vs. all registered political parties
NDP frameworks be approved by a simple majority vs. approved by two-thirds majority
Preferred method for choosing appointees for senior public positions
Removal of constitutional provision requiring President appoints most Ministers from Parliament
Oil revenue be used to finance few projects with huge social and economic benefits to citizens
Govt. distribute some of the oil revenue to all citizens in the form of cash transfer
Govt. use the revenue from oil to fund the development agenda proposed in the NDP
Govt. save oil revenue in a special account vs. use oil revenue to address current needs
Govt. create development fund for oil resource regions vs. fund widens the development gap among regions
Govt. effective or ineffective in using revenues to improve living conditions
Agree or disagree to have someone in a same-sex relationship as a co-worker
Agree or disagree to have someone in a same-sex relationship as my supervisor
Agree or disagree to have someone in a same-sex relationship as a member in my religious community
Report: Your son or daughter
Report: Your brother or sister
Report: Another relative
Report: A close friend
Report: A co-worker
Report: Other people that you know
Approve or disapprove if govt. decides to pass a law making same-sex relationships illegal
Z_GUI Ghinea
Q52M_GUI. Trust mediator of the Republic
Q53k_GUI. Corruption: teachers
Q53l_GUI. Corruption: land officials
Q53m_GUI. Corruption: health officials
Q63e_GUI. Ruling vs.opposition: solving water problem
Q63f_GUI. Ruling vs. opposition: solving electricity problem
Q67c_GUI. Local govt. handling sanitation
Q68e_GUI. Performance: district chief
Q82A_GUI. Allow independent candidates to stand for presidential elections
Q82B_GUI. Allow independent candidates to stand for local elections
Q82C_GUI. Have maximun age limit for presidential candidates
Q83_GUI. The CENI is impartial vs favours particular groups/parties/interests
Q84_GUI. Guineans can work anywhere, particularly in mines
Q85_GUI. Main reason for bad education system
Q86A_GUI. Govt. efficacy in handling: the Ebola virus
Q86B_GUI. Govt. efficacy in handling: Cholera
Q86C_GUI. Govt. efficacy in handling: Meningitis
Q86D_GUI. Govt. efficacy in handling: Measles
Q86E_GUI. Govt. efficacy in handling: Tuberculosis
Q86F_GUI. Govt. efficacy in handling: Malaria
Q86G_GUI. Govt. efficacy in handling: AIDS
Z_KEN Kenya
Q20c-Ken. Attended a county government meeting
Q24g-Ken. Contact ombudsman (public complaints office)
Q51e-Ken. How often ethnic considerations play a role in government appointments
Q52e1-Ken. Trust your county governor
Q52m-Ken. Trust the media
Q53d1-Ken. Corruption: Office of the Governor
Q53e1-Ken. Corruption: Military (KDF)
Q63e-Ken. Ruling vs. opposition: Combating insecurity
Q66n-Ken. Handling fighting terrorism in Kenya
Q67c-Ken. County govt. handling providing basic health services
Q68c1-Ken. Performance: County governor
Q82a-Ken. Support call for a public referendum
Q82b-Ken. National government not disbursing adequate funds to counties
Q82c-Ken. County governments can raise enough resources on their own
Q82d-Ken. The constitution should be amended to resolve revenue sharing and dispute resolution between county and nation
Q82e-Ken. Overall satisfaction with implementation of the new constitution
Q83a-Ken. Difficulty to participate in County budgeting and planning
Q83b-Ken. Difficulty to influence county decision making
Q83c-Ken. Difficulty to access information on county budgets, legislation and project plans
Q83d-Ken. Overall satisfaction with public participation in the operations of the county government
Q84a-Ken. Involvement of KDF in Somalia necessary despite terrorist problems resulting from it
Q84b-Ken. The KDF should pull out of Somalia
Q84c-Ken. Nyumba kumi security initiative should be supported
Q84d-Ken. KDF should be deployed internally Vs KDF should only be used for external aggressions
Q85a-Ken. Prosecution of Kenyan leaders by the ICC is an important effort in fighting impunity
Q85b-Ken. President Uhuru Kenyatta made right decision to honor ICC summons
Q85c-Ken. Parliament should pass legislation to withdraw Kenya from the ICC
Q85d-Ken. The ICC is impartial Vs ICC biased against Kenya and other African countries
Q86-Ken. What makes you most proud to be a Kenyan
Z_LES Lesotho
Only sons can succeed to chieftaincy vs. daughters also eligible
How often the police physically attack, abuse or torture people in their custody
Trust Basotho Convention Party
Trust Lesotho Congress for Democracy
Trust Basotho National Party
Trust Non-govermental Organisations
Trust Directorate for Corruption and Economic Offence
Trust Police Complaints Authority
Trust Office of the Ombudsman
Police Complaints Authority is neutral vs. favours particular interests
DCEO is neutral vs. favours particular interests
Ombudsman is neutral vs. favours particular interests
Basotho citizens be allowed to hold RSA citizenship
Development of Lesotho only if part of RSA
Who responsible: The operations of constituency offices
Who responsible: The constituency development projects
Z_LIB Liberia
Q23e-Lib Voting in 2014 Special Senatorial Elections
Q23f-Lib Freeness and fairness of 2014 Special Senatorial Election
Q52m-Lib. Trust civil society organisations
Q66n-Lib. Handling managing the Ebola virus outbreak
Q66o-Lib Handling managing National Reconciliation
Q82a-Lib. Those standing for election need not confess to crimes against humanity before election vs must first confess
Q82b-Lib. UNMIL can now depart vs should remain until after 2017 elections
Q82ca-Lib. Political parties should disclose sources of their funds
Q82cb-Lib. Political parties that wins 10% of seats in parliament should receive public fund
Q82cc-Lib. Limit amount of money that an individual or company can contribute to a political party
Q83a-Lib. Know close friend or relative who was infected with Ebola
Q83b-Lib. Know close friend or relative who died of Ebola
Q84a-Lib. Unable to attend school due to Ebola
Q84b-Lib. Unable to work due to Ebola
Q84c-Lib. Unable to attend social gatherings due to Ebola
Q84d-Lib. Unable to get medical care for other health problems due to Ebola
Q85a-Lib. Effectiveness in providing care to Ebola victims: Private hospitals and clinic
Q85b-Lib. Effectiveness in providing care to Ebola victims: Public hospitals and clinic
Q85c-Lib. Effectiveness in providing care to Ebola victims: Traditional medicine practitioners
Q85d-Lib. Effectiveness in providing care to Ebola victims: Treatment facilities by local NGOs
Q85e-Lib. Effectiveness in providing care to Ebola victims: Treatment facilities by international organizations
Q86a-Lib. Effectiveness in bringing Ebola under control: Central or national govt.
Q86b-Lib. Effectiveness in bringing Ebola under control: Local govt.
Q86c-Lib. Effectiveness in bringing Ebola under control: Local NGOs
Q86d-Lib. Effectiveness in bringing Ebola under control: International organizations
Q86e-Lib. Effectiveness in bringing Ebola under control: Governments of other countries
Q86f-Lib. Govt of Liberia prepared for Ebola outbreak in future
Q86g-Lib. Govt should devote more resources to Ebola vs focus on other problems
Z_MAD Madagascar
Q79a2_MAD. Indian Ocean Commission (IOC) helps country
Q82A_MAD_d. Main reason of cyclical crises: 1st response
Q82A_MAD_e. Main reason of cyclical crises: 2nd response
Q82A_MAD_f. Main reason of cyclical crises: 3rd response
Q82B_MAD. Madagascar's prioritisation of national reconciliation
Q82C_MAD. National reconciliation between population groups
Q82D_MAD. Which group should manage national reconciliation
Q82E_MAD. Best option for peace and reconciliation
Q83A_MAD. Sector needs more financial and technical partners: First Priority
Q83B_MAD. Sector needs more financial and technical partners: Second Priority
Q84A_MAD. Mining sector contribution: Creating jobs and reducing poverty
Q84B_MAD. Mining sector contribution: Improving security
Q84C_MAD. Mining sector contribution: Promotion of the national private sector
Q85_MAD. Sector most in need of government intervention
Q86A_MAD. Contribution to national development: Political elites
Q86B_MAD. Contribution to national development: Economic elites
Q86C_MAD. Contribution to national development: Military leaders
Q86D_MAD. Contribution to national development: Religious leaders
Q86E_MAD. Contribution to national development: Leaders in civil society
Q86F_MAD. Contribution to national development: Ordinary citizens
Q86G_MAD. Contribution to national development: Malagasy diaspora
Q86H_MAD. Contribution to national development: Foreign residents
Q88c_MAD. Proud to be called African
Z_MAU Mauritius
Trust president
Corruption: office of the Presidency
Performance: President
Who responsible: president does job
COMESA helps country
Combating drug trafficking: Police
Comabting drug trafficking: Custom
Combating drug trafficking: Politicians
Combating drug trafficking: Judges
Combating drug trafficking: Magistrates
Combating drug trafficking: Prison Officers
Combating drug trafficking: Members of National Assembly
Combating drug trafficking: Government Ministers
Combating drug trafficking: Municipal and district council
Electoral reform: Eliminate representation based on ethnic
Electoral reform: Assign seats proprtional to vote share
Electoral reform: Not eligible if less than 10 percent
Political party financing: Own funds
Political party financing: State
Political party financing: Taxes
Political party financing: Electoral Supervisory Commission
Executive power to Prime Minister vs executive power to President
Cheapest possible source of energy vs Clean energy
Z_MLI Mali
Q82a_MLI. Recent trade union strikes are justified
Q82b_MLI. Government's reaction to trade union strikes
Q82c_MLI. Which sectors should be excluded from going on strike
Q83MLI. Which intervention should Govt promote to tackle youth unemployment
Q84a_MLI. Member of youth organisation
Q84b_MLI. Member of women's organisation
Q84c_MLI. Member of ethnic organisation
Q84d_MLI. Member of family organisation
Q84e_MLI. Member of savings and credit tontine
Q85a_MLI. Best option in resolving the crisis in the North
Q85b_MLI. Likelihood of peace agreement between govt and rebels in the North being a success
Q86a_MLI. Level of govt efficacy in dealing with armed groups in the North
Q86b1_MLI. Most effective way of dealing with problem in the North - 1st response
Q86b2_MLI. Most effective way of dealing with problem in the North - 2nd response
Q86c_MLI. Best option for a lasting peace and reconciliation in Mali
Q116A1. Interviewer's ethnic group
Z_MLW Malawi
Freeness and fairness of the next the general elections
Trust Atupele Muluzi
Trust Lazarus Chakwera
Trust Peter Mutharika
Handling the Cashgate scandal
COMESA
Electoral Commission is a neutral body vs. favours particular interests
How well prepared is the Electoral Commission for the next elections
Hardworking? - Atupele Muluzi
Qualified to govern? - Atupele Muluzi
Honest? - Atupele Muluzi
Cares for people? - Atupele Muluzi
Hardworking? - Lazarus Chakwera
Qualified to govern? - Lazarus Chakwera
Honest? - Lazarus Chakwera
Cares for people? - Lazarus Chakwera
Hardworking? - Joyce Banda
Qualified to govern? - Joyce Banda
Honest? - Joyce Banda
Cares for people? - Joyce Banda
Hardworking? - Peter Mutharika
Qualified to govern? - Peter Mutharika
Honest? - Peter Mutharika
Cares for people? - Peter Mutharika
Managing the economy well
Improving the living standards of the poor
Creating jobs
Reducing crime
Ensuring everyone has enough food to eat
Fighting corruption
Concerned with the cashgate scandal
When a president is incapacitated or dies, elections should be held within three months
The law should limit the number of cabinet Ministers that a president can appoint
Parliament should scrutinize all presidential nominees for cabinet appointment
Political parties should be required to disclose their sources of funding
Civil Society Organizations should be required to disclose all their sources of funding
Vote for which party in parliamentary elections
Vote for which party in local government elections
Winning party
Morocco
Q27b_MOR. Use of social media to request actions from government
Q32_MOR. Choose representatives through elections vs. other methods
Q82B_MOR Impact of Arab Spring: Morocco
Q83A_MOR. Freedom of Speech now vs before Arab Spring
Q83B_MOR. Govt respect for human rights now vs before Arab Spring
Q83C_MOR. Preservation of law, order and stability now vs before Arab Spring
Q83D_MOR. Corruption among public officials now vs before Arab Spring
Q83E_MOR. Income gap between rich and poor now vs before Arab Spring
Q83F_MOR. Regional inequality now vs before Arab Spring
Q83G_MOR. Public's right to choose leaders now vs before the Arab Spring
Q83H_MOR. Political competition now vs before the Arab Spring
Q83I_MOR. Reputation of govt now vs before the Arab Spring
Q84_MOR. Govt can violate human rights to ensure peace and security vs never violate human rights
Q85A_MOR. How active is Islamic movement in Morocco: ISIL
Q85B_MOR. How active is Islamic movement in Morocco: AQIM
Q86A_MOR. Extent of threat by ASIL and AQIM
Q86B1_MOR. Main reason people join ASIL - 1st response
Q86B2_MOR. Main reason people join ASIL - 2nd response
Z_MOZ Mozambique
Q52A1_MOZ. Trust prime minister
Q52E1_MOZ. Trust provincial government
Q53A1_MOZ. Corruption: The Prime Minister and Officials in his Office
Q53D1_MOZ. Corruption: Provincial governors
Q59b_MOZ. Members of the Provincial Assembly listen
Q59c_MOZ. Members of the Municipal Assembly listen
Q68A1_MOZ. Performance: Prime-Minister – Agostinho do Rosário
Q69B1_MOZ. Who responsible: municipal councillor does job
Q82a_MOZ. Public officials have right to privacy vs should disclose assets
Q82b_MOZ. National Assembly representatives should not hold other public positions vs can hold
Q83a_MOZ. Govt making sure people benefit from country's natural resources
Q83b_MOZ. Group benefits most from exploitation of natural resources
Q84a_MOZ. Families should never be diplaced for exploitation of natural resources
Q84b_MOZ. CSOs should be watchdogs of govt and political parties
Q85_MOZ. Greatest challenge in aquiring land
Q86_MOZ. Best way to select provincial governors
Z_NAM Namibia
Been a victim of gender based violence
Contact regional councillor
Contact national council representative
Trust prime minister
Trust national council
Trust regional council
Trust your appointed regional governor
Corruption: Prime Minister
Corruption: Representatives to the national council
Corruption: regional councillors
Corruption: regional governors
Representatives to national council listen
Regional councillors listen
Traditional leaders listen
Performance: Prime Minister
Performance: National Council reps.
Performance: Elected Regional Councilour
Performance: regional governor
Who responsible: regional councillors do jobs
Who responsible: regional governors do jobs
Factors contributing to gender based violence_Cultural and traditional values
Factors contributing to gender based violence_Alcohol abuse
Factors contributing to gender based violence_Poverty
Factors contributing to gender based violence_Unemployment
Government should adopt Basic Income Grant, even if it means increases taxes
Too much emphasis placed on rewarding party loyalty at the expense of service delivery
Process handling government tenders should be reformed to get rid of nepotism and favourism
Proposal to increase salaries of Office bearers, parliamentarians and executives of State Owned Enterprises should not be implemented
Reduce defense budget in favour of poverty reduction
Make more money available fo poverty reduction by increasing taxes
Government has not consulted sufficiently on recent Constitutional change proposals
Change without consultation vs. Wide consultation
Z_NGR Niger
Q82_NGR. Best solution to youth unemployment
Q83A_NGR. Weak state presence increases risk of terrorism
Q83B_NGR. How should authorities control jihadi and terrorist propaganda
Q84A_NGR. Some traditional leaders support and help Boko Haram
Q84B_NGR. Some Muslims support and help Boko Haram
Q84C_NGR. Some politicians support and help Boko Haram
Q84D_NGR. Some media support and help Boko Haram
Q84E_NGR. Some regions support and help Boko Haram
Q84F_NGR. Some civil society organisations support and help Boko Haram
Q84G_NGR. Some western countries support and help Boko Haram
Q85A_NGR. Main reason for the agreement between certain individuals and Boko Haram
Q85B_NGR. How effective is govt at resolving the Boko Haram problem
Q86pt1_NGR_1st response. Most effective solution to the extremist problem in Niger
Q86pt2_NGR. Most effective solution to the extremist problem in Niger
Z_NIG Nigeria
Q52m-Nig. Trust your state Governor
Q53k-Nig. Corruption: State Governors and officials in their office
Q53l-Nig. Corruption: state assembly members
Q53m-Nig. Corruption: local government chairpersons and their officials
Q59c-Nig. State Assembly members listen
Q68e-Nig. Performance: Your State Governor
Q69d-Nig. Who responsible: state governors do their job
Q69e-Nig. Who responsible: state assembly members do their job
Q82a-Nig. Supporting extremist groups:Traditional leaders
Q82b-Nig. Supporting extremist groups:Local government officials
Q82c-Nig. Supporting extremist groups:Senior officials in Federal and Central government
Q82d-Nig. Supporting extremist groups:Members of the Nigeria Military
Q82e-Nig. Supporting extremist groups:Members of the National assembly
Q82f-Nig. Supporting extremist groups:Nigerian Muslims
Q82g-Nig. Supporting extremist groups:International extremist groups
Q83a-Nig. Main reason why some people in Nigeria support and assist extremist groups
Q83b-Nig. Main reason why some Nigerians join extremist groups
Q83c-Nig.Effectiveness of Nigeria goverment efforts to adddress armed extremists
Q83d1-Nig. Way for government to be more effective in addressing extremist groups: 1st Response
Q83d2-Nig. Way for government to be more effective in addressing extremist groups: 2nd Response
Q84a-Nig. Creation of more states will improve development vs Creation of more states will have no positive impact
Q84b-Nig. Remain united even if extremist groups continue vs Split into two countries if problems cannot be resolved
Q84c-Nig. There should be state police in Nigeria
Q85a-Nig. Forthcoming 2015 elections: are you ready for the elections
Q85b-Nig. Forthcoming 2015 elections: is INEC ready to hold free and fair elections
Q85c-Nig. Forthcoming 2015 elections: is country as a whole ready for elections
Q86a-Nig. Responsiveness of Federal goverment to: Ebola virus outbreak
Q86b-Nig. Responsiveness of Federal goverment to: Insecurity caused by armed extremist
Q86c-Nig. Responsiveness of Federal goverment to: Insecurity caused by armed robbers
Q86d-Nig. Responsiveness of Federal goverment to: Insecurity caused by Nigerian armed forces
Q86e-Nig. Responsiveness of Federal goverment to: Floods
Q86f-Nig. Responsiveness of Federal goverment to: Malaria
Q86g-Nig. Responsiveness of Federal goverment to: Erosion
Q86h-Nig. Responsiveness of Federal goverment to: Polio
Q99b-Nig. Do you intend to vote in 2015 elections
Q99c-Nig. Party's candidate you expect to win in February 2015 Presidential election
Q116a1. Interviewer's tribe or ethnic group
Q82A_MOR. Impact of Arab Spring: North African region
Z_SAF South Africa
Q8e1_SAF. How often gone without electricity
Q28d_SAF. Reject Apartheid
Q30b_SAF. Support non-elected government
Q52c1_SAF. Trust the Premier of this province
Q52h1_SAF. Trust the Office of the Public Protector
Q52h2_SAF. Trust the National Prosecuting Authority, the NPA
Q52h3_SAF. Trust the Directorate of Priority Crime Investigations, the Hawks
Q52m_SAF. Trust Government broadcasting service (SABC TV and radio)
Q52n_SAF. Trust Independent broadcasting services (E TV, Radio 702 and community radio stations)
Q66n_SAF. Handling uniting all South Africans into one nation
Q66o_SAF. Handling distributing welfare payments to those who are entitled to them
Q66p_SAF. Handling managing immigration
Q67c1_SAF. Rate the way the country was governed under apartheid.
Q67c2_SAF. Rate the current system of government
Q67c3_SAF. Rate the political system of this country expected in 10 years time
Q68b1_SAF‎. Performance: Premier of this province
Q80c_SAF. Country SA should prioritize international relations with
Q82a_SAF. Trade unions should operate without government influence/control
Q82b_SAF. COSATU leaders more concerned about political power than workers' interest
Q82c_SAF. SA needs new workers' party to defend working class
Q83a_SAF. Politically persecuted foreigners deserve protection in SA
Q83b_SAF. Foreigners not be allowed to live in SA because they take jobs and benefits
Q83c_SAF. Immigration policies should favour exceptionally skilled foreigners/foreign investors
Q84a_SAF. Change since 1994 transition: personal/family safety
Q84b_SAF. Change since 1994 transition: personal/family economic circumstances
Q84c_SAF. Change since 1994 transition: personal/family employment opportunities
Q84d_SAF. Change since 1994 transition: race relations
Q84e_SAF. Change since 1994 transition: gap between rich and poor
Q85a_SAF. Meaning of "reconciliation"
Q85b_SAF. South African need reconciliation after more than twenty years of democracy
Q86a_SAF. Race-based unequal treatment by courts
Q86b_SAF. Race-based unequal treatment by current/prospective employers
Q86c_SAF. Race-based unequal treatment by potential landlords
Q88c1_SAF. Children to think of themselves as South African.
Q88c2_SAF. Being South African is a very important part of how you see yourself.
Q88c3_SAF. South Africans first, stop thinking of themselves in terms of group they belong to
Q88c4_SAF. Create one united South African nation all the different groups
Q88c5_SAF. Create such a united South African nation
Z_SEN Senegal
Q21_SEN. Voting in the most recent local election
Q22_SEN. Freeness and fairness of the last local election of 2014
Q23a_SEN. Last local election: attend a campaign rally
Q23b_SEN. Last local election: attend a campaign meeting
Q23c_SEN. Last local election: persuade others to vote for a certain candidate or party
Q23d_SEN. Last local election: work for a candidate or party
Q82A_SEN: Best way to fight high youth unemployment
Q82B_SEN: Best way to improve local govt efficacy
Q82C_SEN: Best way to improve public health in Senegal today
Q83A_SEN: Heard of the Court of Repression of Illicit Enrichment (CREI)
Q83B_A_SEN: The CREI helped build confidence in government institutions
Q83B_B_SEN: The CREI slowed down international investments with Senegalese companies
Q83B_C_SEN: The CREI's prejudice not credible; increases popularity of accused
Q84A_SEN: Senegalese mining industry contributes to job creation and local development
Q84B_SEN: Senegalese mining industry benefits the foreign mining companies
Q84C_SEN: Mining and natural resources is transparent
Q84D_SEN: Senegalese mining industry helps reduce rural migration
Q84E_SEN: Senegalese mining industry leads to environmental degradation‎
Q84F_SEN: Senegalese mining industry has helped the country overall
Q85A_SEN: Heard of the Emerging Senegal Plan (PSE)?
Q85B_A_SEN: PSE helps to create jobs for young people
Q85B_B_SEN: PSE helps to attract international private investment in Senegal
Q85B_C_SEN: PSE betters local govt capacity to promote economic development
Q85C_SEN: PSE has helped economic development in the country overall
Q86A_SEN: Religious men should not be involved in politics vs can get involved
Q86B_SEN: Politics and religion in opposition vs politicians expressing religious affiliation
Q86C_SEN: Influence of religious brotherhoods in Senegal
Q116a1. Interviewer's ethnicity
Z_SRL Sierra Leone
Q52m-SRL: Trust the Constitutional Review Committee
Q66n-SRL: Handling managing Ebola virus outbreak
Q66o-SRL: Handling stemming armed robberies
Q66p-SRL: Handling ?problem of flooding
Q66q-SRL: Handling fighting malaria
Q66r-SRL: Handling addressing environmental degradation
Q68e-SRL: Performance: Members of Constitutional Review Committee
Q82a-SRL. Dismiss elected officials who join another party after elections
Q82b-SRL: Limit number of presidential appointments in public institutions
Q82c-SRL: Reserve seats for women in parliament
Q82d-SRL: Satisfaction with implementation of constitutional review process
Q82eSRL: Level of public input in constitutional review process
Q83a-SRL: Know close friend or relative who was infected with Ebola
Q83b-SRL: Know close friend or relative who died of Ebola
Q84a-SRL: Unable to attend school due to the Ebola
Q84b-SRL: Unable to work due to Ebola
Q84c-SRL: Unable to attend social gatherings due to Ebola
Q84d-SRL: Unable to get medical care for other health problems due to Ebola
Q85a-SRL: Effectiveness in providing care to Ebola victims: Private hospitals and clinic
Q85b-SRL: Effectiveness in providing care to Ebola victims: Public hospitals and clinic
Q85c-SRL: Effectiveness in providing care to Ebola victims: Traditional medicine practitioners
Q85d-SRL: Effectiveness in providing care to Ebola victims: Treatment facilities by local NGOs
Q85e-SRL: Effectiveness in providing care to Ebola victims: Treatment facilities by international organizations
Q86a-SRL: Effectiveness in bringing Ebola under control: Central or national govt.
Q86b-SRL: Effectiveness in bringing Ebola under control: Local govt.
Q86c-SRL: Effectiveness in bringing Ebola under control: Local NGOs
Q86d-SRL Effectiveness in bringing Ebola under control: International organizations
Q86e-SRL Effectiveness in bringing Ebola under control: Governments of other countries
Q86f-SRL: Govt of Sierra Leone prepared for Ebola outbreak in future
Q86g-SRL: Govt should devote more resources to Ebola vs focus on other problems
Z_STP Sao Tome and Principe
Q52a1-STP. Trust prime-minister
Q53a1-STP. Corruption: prime-minister and officials in this office
Q68a1-STP. Performance: Prime minister Petrice Trovoada
Q68b1-STP. Performance: Elected mayor
Q69c1-STP. Who responsible: prime minister does job
Q82-STP. Prime minister governs vs. President directly governs
Q83-STP. Reduce the number of national assembly representatives
Q84-STP. Current administrative division too few, too many or about right
Q85-STP. Set quota of seats for women in the national assembly
Q86 - STP. NEC is a neutral body versus favours particular people, parties or interests.
Z_SUD Sudan
Q82A_SUD. Impact of Arab Spring: Northern Africa
Q82B_SUD. Impact of Arab Spring: Algeria
Q83A_SUD. Freedom of Speech now vs before Arab Spring
Q83B_SUD. Govt respect for human rights now vs before Arab Spring
Q83C_SUD. Preservation of law, order and stability now vs before Arab Spring
Q83D_SUD. Corruption among public officials now vs before Arab Spring
Q83E_SUD. Income gap between rich and poor now vs before Arab Spring
Q83F_SUD. Regional inequality now vs before Arab Spring
Q83G_SUD. Public's right to choose leaders now vs before Arab Spring
Q83H_SUD. Political competition now vs before Arab Spring
Q83I_SUD. Reputation of Govt now vs before Arab Spring
Q84_SUD. Govt can violate human rights to ensure peace and security vs never violate human rights
Q85A_SUD. How active is Islamic movement in Sudan: ISIL
Q85B_SUD. How active is Islamic movement in Sudan: Al Qaida
Q85C_SUD. How active is Islamic movement in Sudan: Boko Haram
Q86A_SUD. Extent of threat by ASIL and Al Qaida
Q86B1_SUD. Main reason people join ASIL - 1st response
Q86B2_SUD. Main reason people join ASIL - 2nd response
Z_SWZ Swazilandia
Q28d_SWZ. Elections and Parliament are abolished so that the King can decide everything
Q51e_SWZ. Do people fear being evicted from their land
Q52a1_SWZ. Trust the king
Q52b1_SWZ. Trust the queen mother
Q52k1_SWZ. Trust traditional leaders - bucopho
Q53h1_SWZ. Corruption: traditional leaders - bucopho
Q59c_SWZ. Inkhundla Council Members listen
Q67c_SWZ. Inkhundla. handling planning and coordinating development
Q67d_SWZ. Inkhundla. handling providing and maintaining infrastructure
Q69a_SWZ. Who responsible: MPs do jobs
Q69b_SWZ. Who responsible: local councilors do jobs
Q69c_SWZ. Who responsible: prime minister does job
Q69d_SWZ. Who responsible: local inkhundla councilors do their jobs
Q81a_SWZ. Taiwan's influence on economy
Q81b_SWZ. Taiwan's influence: positive or negative
Q81c_SWZ. Positive image of Taiwan
Q81d_SWZ. Negative image of Taiwan
Q81e_SWZ. Taiwan's assistance does a good job at meeting country's needs
Q82a_SWZ. Confidence in: The Lawyers Society
Q82b_SWZ. Confidence in: The Chief Justice
Q82c_SWZ. Confidence in: The judiciary
Q82d_SWZ. Confidence in: Traditional courts
Q83a_SWZ. The judiciary should be independent and guided only by the law
Q83b_SWZ. Parliament should have the power to remove the Chief Justice
Q83c_SWZ. Swazi nationals should be allowed to hold South African citizenship (Dual citizenship)
Q84_SWZ. Government should honor trade agreements vs consider national interest
Q85a_SWZ. Trade Unions operate without any government influence or control vs government control
Q85b_SWZ. Amend constitution to allow for the existence of political parties vs maintain ban
Q86_SWZ. Campaign to remove squatters from state-owned land is a good thing vs its bad
Q116A1. Interviewer's ethnicity
Z_TAN Tanzania
How often received remittances from friends
Trust PCCB
Corruption: PCCB
Difficulty to obtain the medical care you needed
Pay bribe for treatment at private clinic or hospital
Village/Mtaa chairperson listen
Difficulty to find out how government spends revenues
SADC helps the country
Three levels of government divisive Vs Three levels of government better
Three levels of government too costly Vs Cost not an issue
Reading of the new draft constitution
Attended constitution review consultation meetings
Gave views to the Constitution Review Committee
Tried to persuade others to attend consultation
Followed the debates about the constitution closely
Not aware of consultation process on the constitution going on
Skills taught in schools are compatible with development needs
The salaries paid topublic school teachers are not sufficient
Most teachers in this country are not well trained
The entire education carriculum should be reformed
Most responsible when students perform poorly in examinations
Handling Making audit findings of the council known to the people
Handling complaints about local government councillors or officials
Handling guaranteeing that local government revenues are used well
Handling managing conflicts over land
Satisfaction with current president´s delivery on election promises
Often powerful people influence police to harass ordinary citizens
Often powerful people influence police to silence journalists
Often powerful people influence police to intimidate civil society activists
Z_TOG Togo
Only MPs should discuss national issues vs all citizens should discuss them
Government should carry out a census of the diaspora
Government should support diaspora to invest in country
Most important problem that prevents return of diaspora
Local authorities to be elected vs nominated by president
Decentralisation: Local authorities to maintain cleanliness
Decentralisation: Local authorities to run schools
Decentralisation: Local authorities to run healthcare facilities
Decentralisation: Local authorities to protect rivers and forests
Trust in electoral process: Participation of religious groups
Trust in electoral process: Participation of civil society
Trust in electoral process: Participation of development agencies
Trust in electoral process: Participation of security services
Trust in electoral process: Participation of traditional authorities
Trust in electoral process: Participation of intellectuals
Z_TUN Tunisia
Q68_TUN_a. Performance: President
Q68_TUN_b. Performance: MP/National Assembly rep.
Q68_TUN_c. Performance: local government councillor
Q68_TUN_d. Performance: traditional leader
Q84TUN. Government should prioritise security vs. Government should prioritize democracy
Q82_TUN_a. Arab Spring has had a positive impact, a negative impact: North African region?
Q82_TUN_b. Arab Spring has had a positive impact, a negative impact: Tunisia?
Q83_TUN_a. Freedom of speech
Q83_TUN_b. The government's respect for human rights
Q83_TUN_c.The preservation of law, order and stability
Q83_TUN_d. Corruption among public officials
Q83_TUN_e. The income gap between the rich and the poor
Q83_TUN_f. Regional inequality
Q83_TUN_g. The public's right to choose political leaders
Q83_TUN_h. Political competition that gives people choices among political leaders
Q83_TUN_i. Respect for the government of this country
Q85_TUN_a. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL)
Q85_TUN_b. Al Qaida in the Maghreb (AQIM)
Q86A_TUN. ISIL's and AQIM's threat to Tunisia's security
Q86B_TUN_1. Reasons why Tunisians join ISIL - 1st response
Q86B_TUN_2. Reasons why Tunisians join ISIL - 2nd response
Z_UGA Uganda
Sub Region
Q17B-UGA. Citizens freely assemble vs. government control
Q51e-UGA. How often ethnicity influences govt appointments
Q52m-UGA. Trust the media
Q52n-UGA. Trust Government ministers
Q53e1-UGA. Corruption: UPDF
Q66n-UGA. Handling fighting terrorism in Uganda
Q82a-UGA. President should no longer appoint Electoral Commission Members
Q82b-UGA. Law should bar special assistance voters
Q82c-UGA. Presidential candidates name running-mate before elections
Q82d-UGA. Election results should be declared at Constituency level
Q82e-UGA. Candidates buying votes should be banned for 5 years
Q82f-UGA. Most important issue ahead of 2016 election
Q83a-UGA. Homosexuality illegal vs. equal rights
Q83b-UGA. Would not mind having co-worker who's in same-sex relationship
Q83c-UGA. Would not mind having supevisor who's in same-sex relationship
q83d-UGA. Would not mind having religious community member who's in same-sex relationship
Q84a-UGA. Would report own child involved in same-sex relationship
q84b-UGA. Would report own sibling involved in same-sex relationship
Q84c-UGA. Would report own relative involved in same-sex relationship
Q84d-UGA. Would report a close freind involved in same-sex relationship
Q84e-UGA. Would report a co-worker involved in same-sex relationship
Q84f-UGA. Would report other people involved in same-sex relationship
Q85-UGA. Join others in mob-justice
Q86a-UGA. Heard about Black-Monday campaign
Q86b-UGA. Agree or disagree with Black-Monday campaign
Z_ZAM Zambia
Q79c-ZAM. COMESA helps country
Q82A-ZAM. Amount of time MP should spend in constituency
Q82B-ZAM. Amount of time MP spends in the constituency
Q82C-ZAM. Most important responsibility of Member of Parliament
Q83A-ZAM. Parliament vs. Constituency committee to decide how CDFs are utilized
Q83B-ZAM. Primary source for obtaining news about deliberations in the National Assembly
Q84A-ZAM. Husbands have right to physically punish wives
Q84B-ZAM. Parents have right to physically punish children
Q84C-ZAM. Teachers have right to physically punish pupils
Q85A-ZAM. Greatest challenge in land acquisition
Q85B-ZAM. Chiefs have right to sell land vs. land belongs to all Zambians
Q86-ZAM. Street vendors should be allowed to trade vs. should be banned
Z_ZIM Zimbabwe
Q82a_ZIM. Knowledge about new constitution
Q82b_ZIM. Best way to enable more Zimbabweans to learn about new constittution
Q82c_ZIM. Main role for CSOs in Zimbabwe today
Q83_ZIM. Citizens should leave running of country to elected leaders vs.Participate in national and community affairs
Q84_ZIM. Male circumcision made mandatory vs. remain voluntary
Q85a_ZIM. Banning of extra lessons except for examination grades
Q85b_ZIM. Banning payment of incentives to teachers
Q86a_ZIM. Armed forces must continue to be active in politics vs. Must not be involved
Q86b_ZIM. Indigenizing the economy vs. Encouraging foreign investment