8, 997
ab assigned ea number
ab consecutive ea number
abraham lives in a country with many political parties and free elections.  everyone is free to speak their minds about politics and to vote for the party of their choice.  elections sometimes lead to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is abraham’s country
across country weight (n=1200 for all)
adam lives in a country with many political parties and free elections.  everyone is free to speak their minds about politics and to vote for the party of their choice.  elections sometimes lead to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is adam’s country
adama lives in a country with many political parties and free elections.  everyone is free to speak their minds about politics and to vote for the party of their choice.  elections sometimes lead to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is adama’s country
agnes lives in a country with many political parties and free elections.  everyone is free to speak their minds about politics and to vote for the party of their choice.  elections sometimes lead to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is agens’ country
alex lives in a country with many political parties and free elections.  everyone is free to speak their minds about politics and to vote for the party of their choice.  elections sometimes lead to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is alex’s country
alex lives in a country with many political parties and free elections.  everyone is free to speak their minds about politics and to vote for the party of their choice.  elections sometimes lead to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is alex’s country?         20
alfred lives in a country with many political parties and free elections.  everyone is free to speak their minds about politics and to vote for the party of their choice.  elections sometimes lead to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is alfred’s country
alphonse lives in a country with many political parties and free elections.  everyone is free to speak their minds about politics and to vote for the party of their choice.  elections sometimes lead to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is alphonse’s country
ambwene lives in a country with many political parties and free elections.  everyone is free to speak their minds about politics and to vote for the party of their choice.  elections sometimes lead to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is ambwene’s country
among the following decentralized structures, which seems to be the least important of decentralization
among the following decentralized structures, which seems to be the most important of decentralization? (local council, circle council, regional assembly,  high territorial council)
ana lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one big political party and many small ones.  people are afraid to express political opinions or to vote for the opposition.  the opposition is so weak that it seems that it can never win an election.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is ana’s country
anatole lives in a country with many political parties and free elections.  everyone is free to speak their minds about politics and to vote for the party of their choice.  elections sometimes lead to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is anatole’s country
and do you approve or disapprove of the way that prime minister morgan tsvangirai has performed his job since taking office in february 2009, or haven’t you heard enough about him to say
and do you approve or disapprove of the way that the new president kgalema motlanthe has performed his job since taking office in september
and during the 2006 elections, how frequently did the following occur: the buying of votes by candidates or parties
and during the 2006 elections, how frequently did the following occur: the use of violence by candidates or parties
and how would you rate the public information provided about hiv or aids prevention and treatment
and in which district
and what about other people in your neighbourhood or village?  if a candidate or party official offered them money for their votes in the 2011 elections, would they:
and what is your second priority
and which would be the next most important
and which would be the next most important?         21
andré lives in a country with many political parties and free elections.  everyone is free to speak their minds about politics and to vote for the party of their choice.  elections sometimes lead to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is andré country
andrew lives in a country with many political parties and free elections.  everyone is free to speak their minds about politics and to vote for the party of their choice.  elections sometimes lead to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is andrew’s country
andry lives in a country with many political parties and free elections.  everyone is free to speak their minds about politics and to vote for the party of their choice.  elections sometimes lead to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is andry’s country
angela lives in a country with many political parties and free elections.  everyone is free to speak their minds about politics and to vote for the party of their choice.  elections sometimes lead to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is angela’s country
anna lives in a country with many political parties and free elections.  everyone is free to speak their minds about politics and to vote for the party of their choice.  elections sometimes lead to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is anna’s country
approximately what proportion of the dwelling units in this primary sampling unit  or enumeration area were: formal (house, flat, semi-detached house, unit in a complex (e.g., simplex), room in backyard and room not in backyard)?         5
approximately what proportion of the dwelling units in this primary sampling unit  or enumeration area were: other (caravan, private ship and workers' hostel)
approximately what proportion of the dwelling units in this primary sampling unit  or enumeration area were: traditional (traditional dwelling  or hut  or structure made of traditional material)
approximately what proportion of the dwelling units in this primary sampling unit  or enumeration area were: traditional informal (shack or squatter settlement)
are the following facilities present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area, or within easy walking distance: health clinic
are the following facilities present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area, or within easy walking distance: market stalls (selling groceries and or or clothing)
are the following facilities present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area, or within easy walking distance: market stalls (selling groceries and or or clothing)?         4
are the following facilities present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area, or within easy walking distance: market stalls (selling groceries and or or clothing)?         5
are the following facilities present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area, or within easy walking distance: police station
are the following facilities present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area, or within easy walking distance: post-office
are the following facilities present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area, or within easy walking distance: school
are the following facilities present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area, or within easy walking distance: school?         5
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area: cell phone service
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area: cell phone service?         4
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area: electricity grid that most houses could access
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area: electricity grid that most houses could access?         3
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area: health clinic that most houses could access
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area: piped water system that most houses could access
are the following services present in the primary sampling unit or enumeration area: sewage system that most houses could access
are you aware of any meetings organized over the past twelve months by any of the following in your sub-county?  if yes, did you attend the meeting: any committee of parliament
are you aware of any meetings organized over the past twelve months by any of the following in your sub-county?  if yes, did you attend the meeting: local government political leaders (such as counsellors, chairpersons, etc.)
are you aware of any meetings organized over the past twelve months by any of the following in your sub-county?  if yes, did you attend the meeting: local government technical officers (such as health officials)
are you aware of any meetings organized over the past twelve months by any of the following in your sub-county?  if yes, did you attend the meeting: political parties
are you aware of any meetings organized over the past twelve months by any of the following in your sub-county?  if yes, did you attend the meeting: your member of parliament
are you aware of the “honour your vote” campaign
are you aware of the “parliamentary scorecard
are you the head of the household
are you the head of the household?         7
are you the head of the household?         8
as you know, the three main parties in this country signed a global political agreement in september 2008 by which they agreed to share political power. then, in february 2009, they established an inclusive government with robert mugabe as president and morgan tsvangirai as prime minister. let’s talk about power sharing and the inclusive government which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: given the political divisions in [country], creating an inclusive government was the best way to resolve the recent post-election crisis statement 2: government by power-sharing is ineffective; leaders should have found another way to resolve the crisis
as you may know, the government has reduced its role in the economy, for example by privatizing mining companies.  overall, how satisfied are you with the way this policy works
as you may know, there are a number of revisions being considered in the [country]n constitution.  would you disapprove or approve of each of the following changes to the constitution, or haven’t you heard enough to say: allowing the president to appoint cabinet members from outside of parliament
as you may know, there are a number of revisions being considered in the [country]n constitution.  would you disapprove or approve of each of the following changes to the constitution, or haven’t you heard enough to say: establishing a mechanism for recalling non-performing members of parliament
as you may know, there are a number of revisions being considered in the [country]n constitution.  would you disapprove or approve of each of the following changes to the constitution, or haven’t you heard enough to say: removing the citizenship clause that requires both parents of a presidential candidate to have been born in [country]
as you may know, there are a number of revisions being considered in the [country]n constitution.  would you disapprove or approve of each of the following changes to the constitution, or haven’t you heard enough to say: requiring a minimum education level for members of parliament
as you may know, there are a number of revisions being considered in the [country]n constitution.  would you disapprove or approve of each of the following changes to the constitution, or haven’t you heard enough to say: requiring that a candidate receive 50% of the vote plus one to be elected president
as you may know, there are a number of revisions being considered in the [country]n constitution.  would you disapprove or approve of each of the following changes to the constitution, or haven’t you heard enough to say: setting an upper age limit for president
bahati lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one large political party and many small ones.  people are free to express their opinions and to vote as they please.  but so far, elections have not led to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is bahati’s country
bakoly lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one large political party and many small ones.  people are free to express their opinions and to vote as they please.  but so far, elections have not led to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is bakoly’s country
based on your experience, how easy or difficult is it to obtain the following services?  or do you never try and get these services from government? a place in primary school for a child
based on your experience, how easy or difficult is it to obtain the following services?  or do you never try and get these services from government? an identity document (such as a birth certificate, driver’s license, passport or voter card)
based on your experience, how easy or difficult is it to obtain the following services?  or do you never try and get these services from government? help from the police when you need it
based on your experience, how easy or difficult is it to obtain the following services?  or do you never try and get these services from government? household services (like piped water, electricity or telephone)
based on your experience, how easy or difficult is it to obtain the following services?  or do you never try and get these services from government? medical treatment at a clinic
beatrice lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one large political party and many small ones.  people are free to express their opinions and to vote as they please.  but so far, elections have not led to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is beatrice’s country
bénoit lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one large political party and many small ones.  people are free to express their opinions and to vote as they please.  but so far, elections have not led to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is bénoit’s country
bernard lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one large political party and many small ones.  people are free to express their opinions and to vote as they please.  but so far, elections have not led to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is bernard’s country
berta lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one large political party and many small ones.  people are free to express their opinions and to vote as they please.  but so far, elections have not led to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is berta’s country
betty lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one large political party and many small ones.  people are free to express their opinions and to vote as they please.  but so far, elections have not led to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is betty’s country
binta lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one large political party and many small ones.  people are free to express their opinions and to vote as they please.  but so far, elections have not led to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is binta’s country
boniface lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one large political party and many small ones.  people are free to express their opinions and to vote as they please.  but so far, elections have not led to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is boniface’s country
boubacar lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one large political party and many small ones.  people are free to express their opinions and to vote as they please.  but so far, elections have not led to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is boubacar’s country
brenda lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one large political party and many small ones.  people are free to express their opinions and to vote as they please.  but so far, elections have not led to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is brenda’s country
brown lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one large political party and many small ones.  people are free to express their opinions and to vote as they please.  but so far, elections have not led to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is brown’s country
camilo lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one big political party and many small ones.  people are afraid to express political opinions or to vote for the opposition.  the opposition is so weak that it seems that it can never win an election.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is camilo’s country
can you tell me the name of: the prime minister
can you tell me the name of: your country’s minister of finance
can you tell me the name of: your country’s minister of finance and economic planning
can you tell me the name of: your country’s prime-minister
can you tell me the name of: your deputy to the national assembly
can you tell me the name of: your elected regional councillor
can you tell me the name of: your mayor
can you tell me the name of: your member of parliament
can you tell me the name of: your national assembly deputy
can you tell me the name of: your reperesentative to parliament
can you tell me the name of: your representative to parliament
can you tell me the name of: your representative to the national assembly
can you tell me the name of: your representative to the national legislature
can you tell me the name of: your your representative to the national assembly
can you tell me:  the names of at least three candidates who are running for president in the upcoming presidential election
can you tell me:  the year and month in which the next presidential and parliamentary elections will be held
cercle
chacha lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one big political party and many small ones.  people are afraid to express political opinions or to vote for the opposition.  the opposition is so weak that it seems that it can never win an election.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is chacha’s country
charity lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one big political party and many small ones.  people are afraid to express political opinions or to vote for the opposition.  the opposition is so weak that it seems that it can never win an election.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is charity’s country
charles lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one big political party and many small ones.  people are afraid to express political opinions or to vote for the opposition.  the opposition is so weak that it seems that it can never win an election.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is charles’ country
chrissy lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one big political party and many small ones.  people are afraid to express political opinions or to vote for the opposition.  the opposition is so weak that it seems that it can never win an election.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is chrissy’s country
christopher lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one big political party and many small ones.  people are afraid to express political opinions or to vote for the opposition.  the opposition is so weak that it seems that it can never win an election.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is christopher’s country
claire lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one big political party and many small ones.  people are afraid to express political opinions or to vote for the opposition.  the opposition is so weak that it seems that it can never win an election.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is claire’s country
clarice lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one big political party and many small ones.  people are afraid to express political opinions or to vote for the opposition.  the opposition is so weak that it seems that it can never win an election.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is clarice’s country
claude lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one big political party and many small ones.  people are afraid to express political opinions or to vote for the opposition.  the opposition is so weak that it seems that it can never win an election.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is claude’s country
claudia lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one big political party and many small ones.  people are afraid to express political opinions or to vote for the opposition.  the opposition is so weak that it seems that it can never win an election.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is claudia’s country
clement lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one big political party and many small ones.  people are afraid to express political opinions or to vote for the opposition.  the opposition is so weak that it seems that it can never win an election.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is clement’s country
compared to one year ago, would you say corruption in [country] has increased, decreased or stayed the same
compared with other elections in [country] that you are aware of, would you say that the quality of the april 2007 national elections was better, the same, or worse than the others
comparing the current administration with the previous administration of president obasanjo, would you say that the one we have now is more or less corrupt
comparing the current government with the former military government, would you say that the one we have now is more or less corrupt
comparing the present multiparty system of government with the former no-party movement system of government, please tell me if the following things are worse or better now than they used to be, or are they about the same: government’s tolerance for different political views
comparing the present multiparty system of government with the former no-party movement system of government, please tell me if the following things are worse or better now than they used to be, or are they about the same: influence of different political views on government policy
comparing the present multiparty system of government with the former no-party movement system of government, please tell me if the following things are worse or better now than they used to be, or are they about the same: the people’s ability to change their leaders through elections
comparing the present multiparty system of government with the former no-party movement system of government, please tell me if the following things are worse or better now than they used to be, or are they about the same: the responsiveness of government to the needs of the people
constituency
cooper lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one big political party and many small ones.  people are afraid to express political opinions or to vote for the opposition.  the opposition is so weak that it seems that it can never win an election.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is cooper’s country
coumba lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one big political party and many small ones.  people are afraid to express political opinions or to vote for the opposition.  the opposition is so weak that it seems that it can never win an election.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is coumba’s country
country
county
data entry clerk number
date of interview
did anyone try to prevent you from attending this kind of meeting or expressing your views there
did the respondent check with others for information to answer any question
did the respondent check with others for information to answer any question?          58
did you attend any such meetings? if yes, how involved were you at the most recent one that you attended
did you feel threatened during the interview
did you feel threatened during the interview?         54
did you feel threatened during the interview?         56
district
division
do you agree or disagree with the following statement: during the april 2007 elections, [country]’s security forces were subject to manipulation by government
do you approve or disapprove of the way that president ian khama has performed his job since taking office in april 2008
do you approve or disapprove of the way that prime minister raila odinga has performed his job since taking office in april, or haven’t you heard enough about him to say
do you approve or disapprove of the way that the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say your elected local government councillor
do you approve or disapprove of the way that the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: prime minister morgan tsvangirai
do you approve or disapprove of the way that the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your representative to the house of assembly
do you approve or disapprove of the way that the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say? president robert mugabe
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president abdoulaye wade
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president amadou toumani touré
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president armando guebuza
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president bingu wa mutharika
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president blaise compaore
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president ellen johnson sirleaf
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president hifikepunye pohamba
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president j.a. kufuor
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president kikwete
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president marc ravalomanana
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president musa yar’ adua
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president mwai kibaki
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president pedro pires
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president robert mugabe         40
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president rupiah banda has performed his job since taking office in november 2008
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president yayi boni
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president yoweri museveni
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: prime minister pakalitha mosisili
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the chairman of the electoral commission
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the elected regional councillor
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the former president thabo mbeki
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the mayor?         39
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the premier of this province______
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the president
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the prime-minister
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the representative to the national council
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the representatives to the national assembly
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your district commissioners
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your elected assembly man or woman
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your elected assembly man or woman?         40
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your elected community councillor
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your elected local authority councillors
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your elected local government councillor
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your elected local government councilor
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your lc iii chairperson
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your lc v chairperson
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your local government officials
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your member of parliament
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your national assembly deputy
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your representative to the national assembly
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your representative to the national legislature
do you approve or disapprove of the way the following people have performed their jobs over the past twelve months, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your representative to the parliament
do you come from a rural or urban area
do you come from a rural or urban area?         55
do you come from a rural or urban area?         56
do you feel close to any particular political party
do you feel that culturally you are more african or more european
do you have a job that pays a cash income?  is it full-time or part-time?  and are you presently looking for a job (even if you are presently working)
do you have a job that pays a cash income?  is it full-time or part-time?  and are you presently looking for a job (even if you are presently working)?         48
do you have to pay for using water from this source
do you have to pay for using water from this source?         45
do you have to pay for using water from this source?         47
do you know a close friend or relative who has died of aids
do you know a close friend or relative who has died of cholera
do you know a family member or close friend who has decided not to register to vote or not vote because s or he thinks that there is no credible alternative to the ruling party? if yes, how many members of your family or friends have taken this decision
do you think anyone influenced the respondent’s answers during the interview
do you think that donors and development partners in [country] are having too little, too much, or about the right amount of influence over the campaign and the elections
do you think that each of the following has too little, too much, or about the right amount of influence over your government: [[country]ian, kenyan, etc.] civic organizations and ngos
do you think that each of the following has too little, too much, or about the right amount of influence over your government: [country] civic organizations and ngos
do you think that each of the following has too little, too much, or about the right amount of influence over your government: [country]an civic organizations and ngos
do you think that each of the following has too little, too much, or about the right amount of influence over your government: [country]ian civic organizations and ngos?          48
do you think that each of the following has too little, too much, or about the right amount of influence over your government: [country]n civic organizations and ngos
do you think that each of the following has too little, too much, or about the right amount of influence over your government: beninese civic organizations and ngos
do you think that each of the following has too little, too much, or about the right amount of influence over your government: botswana civic organizations and ngos
do you think that each of the following has too little, too much, or about the right amount of influence over your government: burkinabe civic organizations and ngos
do you think that each of the following has too little, too much, or about the right amount of influence over your government: cape verden civic organizations and ngos
do you think that each of the following has too little, too much, or about the right amount of influence over your government: international businesses and investors
do you think that each of the following has too little, too much, or about the right amount of influence over your government: international businesses and investors?          53
do you think that each of the following has too little, too much, or about the right amount of influence over your government: international donors and ngos
do you think that each of the following has too little, too much, or about the right amount of influence over your government: kenyan civic organizations and ngos
do you think that each of the following has too little, too much, or about the right amount of influence over your government: lesotho civic organizations and ngos
do you think that each of the following has too little, too much, or about the right amount of influence over your government: liberian civic organizations and ngos
do you think that each of the following has too little, too much, or about the right amount of influence over your government: malagasy civic organizations and ngos
do you think that each of the following has too little, too much, or about the right amount of influence over your government: mozambican civic organizations and ngos
do you think that each of the following has too little, too much, or about the right amount of influence over your government: senegalese civic organizations and ngos
do you think that the amount of influence traditional leaders have in governing your local community should increase, stay the same, or decrease
do you think that the amount of influence traditional leaders have in governing your local community should increase, stay the same, or decrease?         38
do you think that traditional leaders should sit on your district assembly, or not? if so, do you think they should be elected by the people to these seats, appointed by government officials, or selected in some other way
do you think that traditional leaders should sit on your local government administration, or not? if so, do you think they should be elected by the people to these seats, appointed by government officials, or selected in some other way
do you think that traditional leaders should sit on your local government council, or not? if so, do you think they should be elected by the people to these seats, appointed by government officials, or selected in some other way
do you think there discrimination in madagascar based on ethnicity
do you think there is discrimination in madagascar according to caste of origin
do you think there is discrimination in madagascar according to geographic origin
do you think there is discrimination in madagascar according to physical appearance
during election campaigns in 2008, wee you personally affected by the following: arrest, kidnap or abduction
during election campaigns in 2008, wee you personally affected by the following: denial of food or starvation
during election campaigns in 2008, wee you personally affected by the following: forced removal from your home or confiscation of land
during election campaigns in 2008, wee you personally affected by the following: personal injury, including physical assault, sexual assault or torture
during election campaigns in 2008, wee you personally affected by the following: the closure of business
during election campaigns in 2008, wee you personally affected by the following: the loss of a job
during election campaigns in 2008, wee you personally affected by the following: theft or damage to your property
during election campaigns in 2008, wee you personally affected by the following: witnessing someone else being injured or killed
during election campaigns in 2008, were you personally affected by the following: intimidation, threat or harassment
during election campaigns in this country, how much do you personally fear becoming a victim of political intimidation or violence
during the current campaign for the 2011 elections, how much do you personally fear becoming a victim of political intimidation or violence
during the last two years, have you participated in the functioning of the following group: parents association  or school management association?  for each, please tell me whether you were a leader, active member, inactive member, or non member
during the last two years, have you participated in the functioning of the following group: the budget management committed for the commune or communauté rurale?  for each, please tell me whether you were a leader, active member, inactive member, or non member
during the last two years, have you participated in the functioning of the following group: the forest management committee?  for each, please tell me whether you were a leader, active member, inactive member, or non member
during the last two years, have you participated in the functioning of the following group: the health committee?  for each, please tell me whether you were a leader, active member, inactive member, or non member
during the last two years, have you participated in the functioning of the following group: the technical committee of the municipal or rural council?  for each, please tell me whether you were a leader, active member, inactive member, or non member
during the last two years, have you participated in the functioning of the following group: the water management committee?  for each, please tell me whether you were a leader, active member, inactive member, or non member         42
during the last year, how much have you contributed to the implementation of a project or an activity that was initiated by the local council
during the ongoing election campaigns, which newspaper, radio station and tv station do you most frequently read, listen to or watch for news about elections and candidates
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views:  some other influential person
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a community councillor
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a district commissioner
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a local authority councillor
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a local government councillor
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a member of parliament
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a national council representative
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a regional councillor
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a religious leader
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a religious leader?         15
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a representative to parliament
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a representative to the national assembly
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a representative to the national legislature
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: a traditional ruler
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: an assembly man or woman
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: an assembly man or woman?         14
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: an official of a government agency
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: an official of a government agency?         16
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: deputy to the national assembly
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: local government councilor
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: member of parliament
during the past year, how often have you contacted any of the following persons about some important problem or to give them your views: some other influential person
during the present election campaigns for the 2011 elections, how often (if ever) has a candidate or someone from a political party offered you something in return for your vote
during the two civil wars that occurred in liberia between 1989 and 2003, were you ever a fighter for or member of any faction involved in the conflicts, such as afl, lurd, model, ulimo, government troops or any other faction
ea geography type
ea number
ecological zone
for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree: african immigrants are treated in a fair and tolerant way by cape verdeans in general, and are not victims of discrimination
for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree: the courts have the right to make decisions that people always have to abide by
for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree: the government treats illegal immigrants in cape verde well, giving them the necessary support and respecting their rights
for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree: the police always have the right to make people obey the law
for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree: the tax department always has the right to make people pay taxes
for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree: the tax department always has the right to make people pay taxes.         21
for each of the following statements, please tell me whether you disagree or agree: the tax department always has the right to make people pay taxes.         22
for the moment, let us only consider issues of health and healthcare.  in your opinion, what are the most important health-related problems facing this country
given our links to [country], which of these three statements is closest to your opinion? statement 1: nationals of lesotho shouldn’t be allowed to be citizens of [country] as well. statement 2: nationals of lesotho should be allowed to hold sa citizenship as well (dual citizenship). statement 3: lesotho should become a part of [country] so we can all be citizens
have passport
have you attended a public outreach meeting about the constitution organized by the constitutional parliamentary committee
have you changed your plans about who you will vote for in the presidential election since the campaign started
have you encountered any of these problems with your local public clinic or hospital during the past 12 months? absent doctors
have you encountered any of these problems with your local public clinic or hospital during the past 12 months? demands for illegal payments
have you encountered any of these problems with your local public clinic or hospital during the past 12 months? dirty facilities
have you encountered any of these problems with your local public clinic or hospital during the past 12 months? lack of attention or respect from staff
have you encountered any of these problems with your local public clinic or hospital during the past 12 months? lack of medicines or other supplies
have you encountered any of these problems with your local public clinic or hospital during the past 12 months? long waiting time
have you encountered any of these problems with your local public clinic or hospital during the past 12 months? services too expensive  or unable to pay
have you encountered any of these problems with your local public schools during the past 12 months? absent teachers
have you encountered any of these problems with your local public schools during the past 12 months? demands for illegal payments
have you encountered any of these problems with your local public schools during the past 12 months? lack of textbooks or other supplies
have you encountered any of these problems with your local public schools during the past 12 months? overcrowded classrooms
have you encountered any of these problems with your local public schools during the past 12 months? poor conditions of facilities
have you encountered any of these problems with your local public schools during the past 12 months? poor teaching
have you encountered any of these problems with your local public schools during the past 12 months? services too expensive  or unable to pay
have you ever heard of the constitution of [country]
have you had to make any of the following payments during the past year: annual taxes or rural tax payments
have you had to make any of the following payments during the past year: fees for a government service such as education or healthcare
have you had to make any of the following payments during the past year: fees for a government service such as education or healthcare?         40
have you had to make any of the following payments during the past year: income taxes
have you had to make any of the following payments during the past year: licence fees to local government e.g., for a bicycle, cart, or market stall
have you had to make any of the following payments during the past year: licence fees to local government e.g., for a bicycle, cart, or market stall?         37
have you had to make any of the following payments during the past year: property rates or taxes
have you had to make any of the following payments during the past year: public utility fees, e.g., for water, electricity or telephone
have you heard anything about the proposed traditional and cultural leaders’ bill currently tabled before parliament aimed at regulating how traditional and cultural leaders operate? are you in favour of all parts of the bill, only some parts of the bill, none of the bill, or haven’t you heard enough to say
have you watched, listened to or attended any of the “face the citizens” debates
have you yourself been discriminated against because of your caste in madagascar
have you yourself been discriminated against because of your ethnicity in madagascar
have you yourself been discriminated against because of your geographic region of origin in madagascar
here are some factors that people say contributed to the 2007 post-election dispute. do you agree or disagree that each of the following was an important cause of the conflict?: allocation of parliamentary seats
here are some factors that people say contributed to the 2007 post-election dispute. do you agree or disagree that each of the following was an important cause of the conflict?: the process of counting votes
here are some factors that people say contributed to the 2007 post-election dispute. do you agree or disagree that each of the following was an important cause of the conflict?: time allowed for the campaign
here are some factors that people say contributed to the 2007 post-election dispute. do you agree or disagree that each of the following was an important cause of the conflict?: use of government vehicles
here are some factors that people say contributed to the 2007 post-election dispute. do you agree or disagree that each of the following was an important cause of the conflict?: use of the government media
here are some factors that people say contributed to the 2007 post-election dispute. do you agree or disagree that each of the following was an important cause of the conflict?: voter registration process
here are some things people say about the way they feel about [country].  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree nor agree, or agree with these statements: being [country]n is a very important part of how you see yourself
here are some things people say about the way they feel about [country].  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree nor agree, or agree with these statements: it is desirable to create one united [country]n nation out of all the different group who live in this country
here are some things people say about the way they feel about [country].  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree nor agree, or agree with these statements: it is possible to create such a united [country]n nation
here are some things people say about the way they feel about [country].  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree nor agree, or agree with these statements: it makes you proud to be called a [country]n
here are some things people say about the way they feel about [country].  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree nor agree, or agree with these statements: people should realise we are [country]ns first, and stop thinking of themselves in terms of the group they belong to
here are some things people say about the way they feel about [country].  there are no right or wrong answers.  we are simply interested in your opinions.  please tell me whether you disagree, neither disagree nor agree, or agree with these statements: you would want your children to think of themselves as [country]n
here is a list of actions that people sometimes take as citizens. for each of these, please tell me whether you, personally, have done any of these things during the past year.  if not, would you do this if you had the chance: attended a community meeting
here is a list of actions that people sometimes take as citizens. for each of these, please tell me whether you, personally, have done any of these things during the past year. if not, would you do this if you had the chance: attended a community meeting
here is a list of actions that people sometimes take as citizens. for each of these, please tell me whether you, personally, have done any of these things during the past year. if not, would you do this if you had the chance: attended a demostartion or protest march
here is a list of actions that people sometimes take as citizens. for each of these, please tell me whether you, personally, have done any of these things during the past year. if not, would you do this if you had the chance: attended a voter education meeting
here is a list of actions that people sometimes take as citizens. for each of these, please tell me whether you, personally, have done any of these things during the past year. if not, would you do this if you had the chance: attended an election rally
here is a list of actions that people sometimes take as citizens. for each of these, please tell me whether you, personally, have done any of these things during the past year. if not, would you do this if you had the chance: called into a radio or tv talk show to discuss an election related issue
here is a list of actions that people sometimes take as citizens. for each of these, please tell me whether you, personally, have done any of these things during the past year. if not, would you do this if you had the chance: got together with others to discuss who to vote for
here is a list of actions that people sometimes take as citizens. for each of these, please tell me whether you, personally, have done any of these things during the past year. if not, would you do this if you had the chance: got together with others to raise an issue
here is a list of actions that people sometimes take as citizens. for each of these, please tell me whether you, personally, have done any of these things during the past year. if not, would you do this if you had the chance: participated in a political party primary
here is a list of actions that people sometimes take as citizens. for each of these, please tell me whether you, personally, have done any of these things during the past year. if not, would you do this if you had the chance: reported campaign malpractice or incident
here is a list of actions that people sometimes take as citizens. for each of these, please tell me whether you, personally, have done any of these things during the past year. if not, would you do this if you had the chance: used force or violence for a political cause?         15
here is a list of actions that people sometimes take as citizens. for each of these, please tell me whether you, personally, have done any of these things during the past year. if not, would you do this if you had the chance: worked to get a candidate or party elected
here is a list of things that are important for the development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for providing these things?  is it government, private business, individuals, or some combination of these providers: agricultural credit
here is a list of things that are important for the development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for providing these things?  is it government, private business, individuals, or some combination of these providers: building houses
here is a list of things that are important for the development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for providing these things?  is it government, private business, individuals, or some combination of these providers: buying and selling copper
here is a list of things that are important for the development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for providing these things?  is it government, private business, individuals, or some combination of these providers: crime control
here is a list of things that are important for the development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for providing these things?  is it government, private business, individuals, or some combination of these providers: job creation
here is a list of things that are important for the development of our country.  in your opinion, who should take the main responsibility for providing these things?  is it government, private business, individuals, or some combination of these providers: schools and clinics
household back-checked
how about people from other countries coming to [country]?  which one of the following do you think the government should do
how about people from other countries who are presently living in [country]?  who, if anyone, do you think the government should send back to their own countries
how can this influence be done
how do you usually hear about these meetings
how easy or difficult is it for an ordinary person to have his or her voice heard between elections
how easy or difficult is it for an ordinary person to have his voice heard between elections
how easy or difficult is it for an ordinary person to have his voice heard between elections?         45
how effective do you think each of the following was in responding to the 2007 post-election dispute? or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion?: church leaders
how effective do you think each of the following was in responding to the 2007 post-election dispute? or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion?: sadc
how effective do you think each of the following was in responding to the 2007 post-election dispute? or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion?: the courts of lesotho
how effective do you think each of the following was in responding to the 2007 post-election dispute? or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion?: the king
how effective do you think each of the following was in responding to the 2007 post-election dispute? or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion?: the lesotho army
how effective do you think each of the following was in responding to the 2007 post-election dispute? or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion?: the national assembly
how effective do you think each of the following was in responding to the 2007 post-election dispute? or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion?: trade union leaders
how free and fair do you expect the next general elections to be?  will they be:
how free do you think you will be to vote for the candidates and parties of your choice in the upcoming national elections
how happy are you
how important is religion in your life
how interested are you in the forthcoming 2011 elections for: district chairpersons and lc v councillors
how interested are you in the forthcoming 2011 elections for: members of parliament
how interested are you in the forthcoming 2011 elections for: sub-county and municipal chairpersons and councillors
how interested are you in the forthcoming 2011 elections for: the president
how interested would you say you are in public affairs
how likely do you think it is that powerful people can find out how you voted, even though there is supposed to be a secret ballot in this country
how likely do you think it is that the black economic empowerment (bee) programmes will improve economic equality in [country]
how likely do you think it is: that people can be punished by government officials if they make complaints about poor quality services or misuse of funds
how likely do you think it is: that powerful people can find out how you voted, even though there is supposed to be a secret ballot in this country
how likely do you think it is: that powerful people can find out how you voted, even though there is supposed to be a secret ballot in this country?         22
how likely is it that you would take part in action to prevent people who have come here from other countries in africa from: becoming one of your co-workers
how likely is it that you would take part in action to prevent people who have come here from other countries in africa from: moving into your neighbourhood
how likely is it that you would take part in action to prevent people who have come here from other countries in africa from: operating a business in your area
how likely is it that you would take part in action to prevent people who have come here from other countries in africa from: sitting in the same classroom as your children
how many calls were made to the household where the interview actually took place
how many friends or relatives is that
how many friends or relatives is that?          48
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say:  local government officials
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: cabinet ministers
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: district commissioners
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: elected assembly men or women
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: elected community councillors
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: elected local authority councillors
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: elected local government
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: elected local government councillors
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: elected regional councillors
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: former president thabo mbeki and officials in his office
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: government officials
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: government officials?         25
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: judges and magistrates
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: local government councillors
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: members of parliament
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: national assembly deputies
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: national government officials
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: police
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president kgalema motlanthe and officials in his office
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: religious leaders
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: representatives to the national assembly
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: representatives to the national council
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: representatives to the national legislature
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: representatives to the parliament
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax and customs officials (e.g. ministry of finance officials or local government tax collectors)
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax officials (e.g. lra or ministry of finance officials)
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax officials (e.g. ministry of finance officials or local government tax collectors)
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax officials (e.g. sars officials)
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: tax officials (e.g. zra)
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the president and officials in her office
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the president and officials in his office
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the president and officials in his or her office
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the prime minister and officials in his office
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: traditional leaders
how many of the following people do you think are involved in corruption, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: traditional leaders?         28
how much do you trust each of the following types of people: and what about foreigners living here in [country]
how much do you trust each of the following types of people: other [[country]ians or kenyans or etc.]
how much do you trust each of the following types of people: other [country]ans
how much do you trust each of the following types of people: other [country]ians
how much do you trust each of the following types of people: other [country]ns
how much do you trust each of the following types of people: other [nationality]
how much do you trust each of the following types of people: other beninese
how much do you trust each of the following types of people: other botswana
how much do you trust each of the following types of people: other burkinabe
how much do you trust each of the following types of people: other capeverdians
how much do you trust each of the following types of people: other kenyans
how much do you trust each of the following types of people: other liberians
how much do you trust each of the following types of people: other malagasy
how much do you trust each of the following types of people: other mozambicans
how much do you trust each of the following types of people: other people you know
how much do you trust each of the following types of people: other senegalese
how much do you trust each of the following types of people: what about foreigners living here in botswana
how much do you trust each of the following types of people: your relatives
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: community dispute resolution processes
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: courts of law
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: disarmament, demobilization and reintegration (ddr) program
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: domestic civil society organizations involved in election observation and monitoring efforts
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: economic and financial crimes commission (efcc)
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: government newspapers and radio stations
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: independent corrupt practices commission (icpc)
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: mdc-m after inclusive government
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: mdc-t after the inclusive government
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: national assembly
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: national drug law enforcement agency (ndlea)
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: opposition political parties
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: opposition political parties, before the inclusive government
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: parliament
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president robert mugabe
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: president rupiah banda
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: prime minister morgan tsvangirai
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: private newspapers and radio stations
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: religious group
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: religious leaders
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the [country] electoral commission
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the [country]an electoral commission (zec)
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the amnesty commission
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the constitutional council (court)
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the courts of law
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the elected regional council
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the election tribunals
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the electoral commission of [[country], kenya, etc.]
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the electoral commission of [country]
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the electoral commission of kenya
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the electoral commission of liberia?         25
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the former president thabo mbeki
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the independent electoral commission
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the independent electoral commission (iec)
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the independent national electoral commission
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the independent national electoral commission (inec)
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the independent national electoral commission?         23
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the international criminal court
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the liberian truth and reconciliation commission
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the national assembly
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the national council
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the national directorate for public prosecutions
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the national electoral commission
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the national electoral commission of cape verde
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the national legislature
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the new president kgalema motlanthe
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the parliament
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the police
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the premier of this province, ____________
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the president
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the president of the anc jacob zuma
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the president?         24
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the prime minister
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the prime minster
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the prime-minister
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the ruling party
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the ruling party or coalition
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the ruling party, that is the nrm
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the ruling party?         25
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the ruling partyzanu.pf, before the inclusive government
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: the special court for sierra leone
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: traditional leaders
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your district assembly
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your elected community council
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your elected government council
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your elected local authority council
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your elected local council
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your elected local government council
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your elected local government councillor
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your local government
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your local government council
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your metropolitan, municipal or district assembly
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: your provincial government
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: zanu-pf after the inclusive government
how much do you trust each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: zapu-dabengwa
how much have you heard about the constitution from each of the following sources:  civic educators (ngos)
how much have you heard about the constitution from each of the following sources:  community meetings
how much have you heard about the constitution from each of the following sources:  family and friends
how much have you heard about the constitution from each of the following sources:  religious leaders
how much have you heard about the constitution from each of the following sources: newspapers
how much have you heard about the constitution from each of the following sources: political officials
how much have you heard about the constitution from each of the following sources: posters or pamphlets
how much have you heard about the constitution from each of the following sources: radio
how much have you heard about the constitution from each of the following sources: television
how much have you heard about the proposed federation of the east african states, that is, the formation of a unitary government for kenya, [country], [country], rwanda and burundi, with a joint army, parliament, presidency and economy
how much help country: eu
how much influence do traditional leaders currently have in governing your local community
how much influence do traditional leaders currently have in governing your local community?         37
how much influence do traditional leaders currently have in governing your local community?         38
how much information on the forthcoming elections have you received from the following sources: chiefs or elders
how much information on the forthcoming elections have you received from the following sources: civic educators
how much information on the forthcoming elections have you received from the following sources: community meetings
how much information on the forthcoming elections have you received from the following sources: family members
how much information on the forthcoming elections have you received from the following sources: friends, neighbours or co-workers
how much information on the forthcoming elections have you received from the following sources: newspapers
how much information on the forthcoming elections have you received from the following sources: political party officials, party meetings or rallies
how much information on the forthcoming elections have you received from the following sources: posters or pamphlets
how much information on the forthcoming elections have you received from the following sources: public opinion polls (like afrobarometer)
how much information on the forthcoming elections have you received from the following sources: radio
how much information on the forthcoming elections have you received from the following sources: religious leaders or religious gatherings
how much information on the forthcoming elections have you received from the following sources: television
how much information on the forthcoming elections have you received from the following sources: the candidates
how much information on the forthcoming elections have you received from the following sources: the internet
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: assembly men or women
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: civil society organizations
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: district commissioners
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: elected community councillors
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: elected local authority councilors
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: elected local government councillors
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: elected local government councilors
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: elected regional councillors
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: local assembly men or women
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: local government councillors
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: local government officials
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: members of parliament
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: national assembly deputies
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: political parties
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: representative to the national legislature
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: representatives to parliament
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: representatives to the national assembly
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: representatives to the national council
how much of the time do you think the following try their best to listen to what people like you have to say: traditional leaders
how much time: do representatives to the national assembly spend visiting communities and citizens
how much time: does your member of parliament spend in this constituency
how much time: does your national assembly deputy spend in this constituency
how much time: does your representative to house of assembly spend in this constituency
how much time: does your representative to the national assembly spend in this constituency
how much time: does your representative to the national legislature spend in this constituency
how much time: does your representatives to the national assembly spend in this constituency
how much time: should representatives to the national assembly spend in this constituency to visit the community and its citizens
how much time: should your member of parliament spend in this constituency to visit the community and its citizens
how much time: should your national assembly deputy spend in this constituency to visit the community and its citizens
how much time: should your representative to house of assembly spend in this constituency to visit the community and its citizens
how much time: should your representative to the national assembly spend in this constituency to visit the community and its citizens
how much time: should your representative to the national legislature spend in this constituency to visit the community and its citizens
how much time: should your representatives to the national assembly spend in this constituency to visit the community and its citizens
how much, if at all, do you think being a relative or close friend of an influential member of the ruling party helps in gaining access to each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to have an opinion: employment in government funded community projects like road construction or soil conservation projects
how much, if at all, do you think being a relative or close friend of an influential member of the ruling party helps in gaining access to each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to have an opinion: government contracts
how much, if at all, do you think being a relative or close friend of an influential member of the ruling party helps in gaining access to each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to have an opinion: old-age state pension
how much, if at all, do you think being a relative or close friend of an influential member of the ruling party helps in gaining access to each of the following, or haven’t you heard enough about them to have an opinion: public service employment
how much, if at all, do you think that being a member of the ruling party helps in gaining access to the each of the following things, or haven’t you heard enough about it to have an opinion: employment in government funded community projects like road construction or soil conservation projects
how much, if at all, do you think that being a member of the ruling party helps in gaining access to the each of the following things, or haven’t you heard enough about it to have an opinion: government contracts
how much, if at all, do you think that being a member of the ruling party helps in gaining access to the each of the following things, or haven’t you heard enough about it to have an opinion: old-age state pension
how much, if at all, do you think that being a member of the ruling party helps in gaining access to the each of the following things, or haven’t you heard enough about it to have an opinion: public service employment
how often (if ever) has anyone threatened negative consequences to people in your neighbourhood or village in order to get them to vote a certain way: during the 2006 elections
how often (if ever) has anyone threatened negative consequences to people in your neighbourhood or village in order to get them to vote a certain way: during the current campaign for the 2011 election
how often (if ever) has anyone threatened negative consequences to you in order to get you to vote a certain way: during the 2006 elections
how often (if ever) has anyone threatened negative consequences to you in order to get you to vote a certain way: during the current campaign for the 2011 election
how often are ___________s [r’s ethnic group] treated unfairly by the government
how often do you get news from the following sources: newspapers
how often do you get news from the following sources: radio
how often do you get news from the following sources: television
how often do you travel 10 km or more from the place where you live now
how often do you use: a computer
how often do you use: a mobile phone
how often do you use: the internet
how often, if at all, did you do any of the following:  make a complaint to local government officials, for example, by going in person or by writing a letter
how often, if at all, did you do any of the following: discuss the problem with other people in your community
how often, if at all, did you do any of the following: discuss the problems with other community, religious, or traditional leaders
how often, if at all, did you do any of the following: join with others in your community to address the problem
how often, if at all, did you do any of the following: make a complaint to other government officials, for example, by going in person or by writing a letter
how often, if at all, did you do any of the following: write a letter to a newspaper or call a radio show
how often, if at all, do you receive money remittances from friends or relatives outside of the country
how often, if at all, do you receive money remittances from friends or relatives outside of the country: clothing
how often, if at all, do you receive money remittances from friends or relatives outside of the country: food
how often, if at all, do you receive money remittances from friends or relatives outside of the country: money
how often, if at all, do you receive money remittances from friends or relatives outside of the country: other housing supplies
how often, if at all, do you receive money remittances from friends or relatives outside of the country?         49
how old are you
how old are you?         8
how well do you know the bodies that are responsible for managing the following state functions:  general inspectorate of government
how well do you know the bodies that are responsible for managing the following state functions: audit office (chamber of accounts?)
how well do you know the bodies that are responsible for managing the following state functions: general inspectorate of finance
how well do you know the bodies that are responsible for managing the following state functions: internal audit bodies of ministries (general inspectorate of ministries)
how well or badly do you think your community council is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: allowing citizens like yourself to participate in the assembly decisions
how well or badly do you think your community council is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: consulting others (including traditional, civic and community leaders) before making decisions
how well or badly do you think your community council is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: guaranteeing that local government revenues are used for public services and not for private gain
how well or badly do you think your community council is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: providing citizens with the information about the assembly’s budget (i.e. revenues and expenditures)
how well or badly do you think your community council is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: providing effective ways to handle complaints about assembly men or women or local officials
how well or badly do you think your community council is practicing the following procedures? or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: making the assembly’s program of work known to ordinary people
how well or badly do you think your district assembly is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: allowing citizens like yourself to participate in the assembly decisions
how well or badly do you think your district assembly is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: consulting others (including traditional, civic and community leaders) before making decisions
how well or badly do you think your district assembly is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: guaranteeing that local government revenues are used for public services and not for private gain
how well or badly do you think your district assembly is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: providing citizens with the information about the assembly’s budget (i.e. revenues and expenditures)
how well or badly do you think your district assembly is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: providing effective ways to handle complaints about district officials
how well or badly do you think your district assembly is practicing the following procedures? or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: making the assembly’s program of work known to ordinary people
how well or badly do you think your elected local authority council is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: consulting others (including traditional, civic and community leaders) before making decisions
how well or badly do you think your elected local authority council is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: guaranteeing that local government revenues are used for public services and not for private gain?         37
how well or badly do you think your elected local authority council is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: providing citizens with the information about the assembly’s budget (i.e. revenues and expenditures)
how well or badly do you think your elected local authority council is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: providing effective ways to handle complaints about assembly men or women or local officials
how well or badly do you think your elected local authority council is practicing the following procedures? or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: making the assembly’s program of work known to ordinary people?         36
how well or badly do you think your elected local authority councilis practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: allowing citizens like yourself to participate in the assembly decisions
how well or badly do you think your local council is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: allowing citizens like yourself to participate in the assembly decisions
how well or badly do you think your local council is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: allowing citizens like yourself to participate in the council’s decisions
how well or badly do you think your local council is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: consulting others (including traditional, civic and community leaders) before making decisions
how well or badly do you think your local council is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: guaranteeing that local government revenues are used for public services and not for private gain
how well or badly do you think your local council is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: making the assembly’s program of work known to ordinary people
how well or badly do you think your local council is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: providing citizens with the information about the assembly’s budget (i.e. revenues and expenditures)
how well or badly do you think your local council is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: providing citizens with the information about the council’s budget (i.e. revenues and expenditures)
how well or badly do you think your local council is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: providing effective ways to handle complaints about assembly men or women or local officials
how well or badly do you think your local council is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: providing effective ways to handle complaints about local councillors or officials
how well or badly do you think your local council is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: providing effective ways to handle complaints about local councilors or local officials
how well or badly do you think your local council is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: providing effective ways to handle complaints about local councilors or officials
how well or badly do you think your local council is practicing the following procedures? or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion:  guaranteeing that local government revenues are used for public services and not for private gain
how well or badly do you think your local council is practicing the following procedures? or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: allowing citizens like yourself to participate in the council’s decisions
how well or badly do you think your local council is practicing the following procedures? or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: consulting others (including traditional, civic and community leaders) before making decisions
how well or badly do you think your local council is practicing the following procedures? or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: making the council’s program of work known to ordinary people
how well or badly do you think your local council is practicing the following procedures? or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: providing citizens with the information about the council’s budget (i.e. revenues and expenditures)
how well or badly do you think your local council is practicing the following procedures? or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: providing effective ways to handle complaints about local councilors or officials?         36
how well or badly do you think your local government council is practising the following procedures? or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion:  allowing citizens like yourself to participate in the council’s decisions
how well or badly do you think your local government council is practising the following procedures? or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: consulting others (including traditional, civic and community leaders) before making decisions
how well or badly do you think your local government council is practising the following procedures? or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: guaranteeing that local government revenues are used for public services and not for private gain
how well or badly do you think your local government council is practising the following procedures? or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: making the council’s program of work known to ordinary people
how well or badly do you think your local government council is practising the following procedures? or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: providing citizens with the information about the council’s budget (i.e. revenues and expenditures)
how well or badly do you think your local government council is practising the following procedures? or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: providing effective ways to handle complaints about  local councilors or officials
how well or badly do you think your local government is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion:  providing effective ways to handle complaints about local government officials
how well or badly do you think your local government is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: allowing citizens like yourself to participate in the local government’s decisions
how well or badly do you think your local government is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: consulting others (including traditional, civic and community leaders) before making decisions
how well or badly do you think your local government is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: guaranteeing that local government revenues are used for public services and not for private gain
how well or badly do you think your local government is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: providing citizens with the information about the local government’s  budget (i.e. revenues and expenditures)
how well or badly do you think your local government is practicing the following procedures? or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: making the local government’s program of work known to ordinary people
how well or badly do you think your metropolitan, local council is practicing the following procedures? or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: making the assembly’s program of work known to ordinary people
how well or badly do you think your metropolitan, municipal or district assembly is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: allowing citizens like yourself to participate in the assembly decisions
how well or badly do you think your metropolitan, municipal or district assembly is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: consulting others (including traditional, civic and community leaders) before making decisions
how well or badly do you think your metropolitan, municipal or district assembly is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: guaranteeing that local government revenues are used for public services and not for private gain
how well or badly do you think your metropolitan, municipal or district assembly is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: providing citizens with the information about the assembly’s budget (i.e. revenues and expenditures)
how well or badly do you think your metropolitan, municipal or district assembly is practicing the following procedures?  or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: providing effective ways to handle complaints about assembly men or women or local officials
how well or badly do you think your metropolitan, municipal or district assembly is practicing the following procedures? or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: making the assembly’s program of work known to ordinary people
how well or badly is the current inclusive government doing in: asking ordinary people what they think about constitutional reform
how well or badly is the current inclusive government doing in: educating the citizens of [country] about the issues at stake in constitutional reform
how well or badly is the current inclusive government doing in: publicizing discussions within the government about constitutional reforms
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: addressing educational needs
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: addressing educational needs?         29
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: addressing educational needs?         30
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: combating hiv or aids
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: creating jobs
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: empowering women
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: ensuring availability of basic commodities
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: ensuring everyone has enough to eat
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: ensuring everyone has enough to eat?         30
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: fighting corruption in government
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: handling providing housing
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: improving basic health services
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: keeping prices down
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: maintaining peace
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: maintaining roads and bridges
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: narrowing gaps between rich and poor
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: narrowing gaps between rich and poor?         32
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: protecting our rivers and forests
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: providing a reliable supply of electricity
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: providing water and sanitation services
how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: reducing crime
how well or badly would you say the former mbeki government was handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say:  narrowing gaps between rich and poor
how well or badly would you say the former mbeki government was handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: addressing educational needs?         32
how well or badly would you say the former mbeki government was handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: combating hiv or aids
how well or badly would you say the former mbeki government was handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: creating jobs
how well or badly would you say the former mbeki government was handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: distributing welfare payments to those who are entitled to them (such as old age pensions, disability pensions, child support grants)
how well or badly would you say the former mbeki government was handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: distributing welfare payments to those who are entitled to them (such as old age pensions, disability pensions, child support grants)?         34
how well or badly would you say the former mbeki government was handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: empowering women
how well or badly would you say the former mbeki government was handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: ensuring everyone has enough to eat
how well or badly would you say the former mbeki government was handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: fighting corruption in government
how well or badly would you say the former mbeki government was handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: improving basic health services
how well or badly would you say the former mbeki government was handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: improving the living standards of the poor
how well or badly would you say the former mbeki government was handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: keeping prices down
how well or badly would you say the former mbeki government was handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: maintaining roads and bridges
how well or badly would you say the former mbeki government was handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: protecting our rivers and forests
how well or badly would you say the former mbeki government was handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: providing a reliable supply of electricity
how well or badly would you say the former mbeki government was handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: providing water and sanitation services
how well or badly would you say the former mbeki government was handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: reducing crime
how well or badly would you say the former mbeki government was handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: uniting all [country]ns into one nation
how well or badly would you say the inclusive government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: addressing educational needs
how well or badly would you say the inclusive government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: combating hiv or aids
how well or badly would you say the inclusive government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: creating jobs
how well or badly would you say the inclusive government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: empowering women
how well or badly would you say the inclusive government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: ensuring availability of basic commodities in the markets
how well or badly would you say the inclusive government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: ensuring everyone has enough to eat
how well or badly would you say the inclusive government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: fighting corruption in government
how well or badly would you say the inclusive government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: improving basic health services
how well or badly would you say the inclusive government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: keeping prices down
how well or badly would you say the inclusive government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: maintaining roads and bridges
how well or badly would you say the inclusive government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: narrowing gaps between rich and poor
how well or badly would you say the inclusive government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: protecting our rivers and forests
how well or badly would you say the inclusive government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: providing a reliable supply of electricity
how well or badly would you say the inclusive government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: providing water and sanitation services
how well or badly would you say the inclusive government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: provision of housing
how well or badly would you say the inclusive government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: reducing crime
how well our badly would you say your party is handling the following matters in this district, or haven’t you heard enough to say: addressing issues that are relevant to you
how well our badly would you say your party is handling the following matters in this district, or haven’t you heard enough to say: communicating with members
how well our badly would you say your party is handling the following matters in this district, or haven’t you heard enough to say: fielding candidates for office
how well our badly would you say your party is handling the following matters in this district, or haven’t you heard enough to say: involving women and youth in leadership and decision making
how well our badly would you say your party is handling the following matters in this district, or haven’t you heard enough to say: mobilizing and managing resources
how well our badly would you say your party is handling the following matters in this district, or haven’t you heard enough to say: public and media relations
how well our badly would you say your party is handling the following matters in this district, or haven’t you heard enough to say: recruiting members
how would you evaluate the independent national electoral commission’s (inec’s) performance in conducting the april 2007 national elections
how would you judge the overall performance of the inclusive government so far
how would you rate the quality of the following public services in your area? would you say that the quality of the service is very good, fairly good, fairly poor or very poor?  or is the service not available in your area: electricity supply
how would you rate the quality of the following public services in your area? would you say that the quality of the service is very good, fairly good, fairly poor or very poor?  or is the service not available in your area: public health and medical facilities
how would you rate the quality of the following public services in your area? would you say that the quality of the service is very good, fairly good, fairly poor or very poor?  or is the service not available in your area: public roads
how would you rate the quality of the following public services in your area? would you say that the quality of the service is very good, fairly good, fairly poor or very poor?  or is the service not available in your area: safety from crime and violence
how would you rate the quality of the following public services in your area? would you say that the quality of the service is very good, fairly good, fairly poor or very poor?  or is the service not available in your area: universal primary education
how would you rate your own ability to apply this knowledge about hiv or aids prevention and treatment
i am now going to read three statements about the constitution.  please tell me which of these statements comes closest to your own opinion. statement 1: the current constitution meets the needs of [country] and should be retained statement 2: the current constitution should be amended to take account of changing political needs statement 3: the current constitution is unsuitable for [country]’s needs and should be completely replaced
if a candidate or party official offered you money for your vote in the 2011 elections, would you:
if a general election were held tomorrow, which party’s candidate would you vote for
if a national election were held tomorrow, which party’s candidate would you vote for
if a non-elected government or leader could impose law and order, and deliver houses and jobs:  how willing or unwilling would you be to give up regular elections and live under such a government
if a presidential election were held tomorrow, which candidate or party would you vote for as president
if a presidential election were held tomorrow, which party’s candidate would you vote for
if an election were held tomorrow, which party’s candidate would you vote for in the parliamentary election
if during the last year you have contributed to the achievement of a project or lead an activity that was initiated by your local council, how did you contribute: in labor
if during the last year you have contributed to the achievement of a project or lead an activity that was initiated by your local council, how did you contribute: in some other way
if during the last year you have contributed to the implementation of a project or an activity that was initiated by your local council, how did you contribute: in cash
if during the last year you have contributed to the implementation of a project or an activity that was initiated by your local council, how did you contribute: in kind
if many [country]ans have no proof of citizenship status. which of the following pieces of identity do you personally have: marriage certificate
if many [country]ans have no proof of citizenship status. which of the following pieces of identity do you personally have: passport
if many [country]ans have no proof of citizenship status. which of the following pieces of identity do you personally have: voter’s card
if no, when do you think the next presidential and parliamentary elections can be held
if no, when do you think the next presidential elections can be held
if there is violence before, during or after the elections, do you think it is more likely that it would only occur in a few areas due to local disputes, or that it could be widespread
if we compare the performance of the current administration of president yayi boni with that of the previous administration under president mathieu kerekou, what do you think of the current administration in the following areas: fight against rising prices
if we compare the performance of the current administration of president yayi boni with that of the previous administration under president mathieu kerekou, what do you think of the current administration in the following areas: fighting against insecurity
if we compare the performance of the current administration of president yayi boni with that of the previous administration under president mathieu kerekou, what do you think of the current administration in the following areas: fighting corruption
if we compare the performance of the current administration of president yayi boni with that of the previous administration under president mathieu kerekou, what do you think of the current administration in the following areas: relations with the media
if we compare the performance of the current administration of president yayi boni with that of the previous administration under president mathieu kerekou, what do you think of the current administration in the following areas: relationship with other beninese political parties
if we compare the performance of the current administration of president yayi boni with that of the previous administration under president mathieu kerekou, what do you think of the current administration in the following areas: social services (education, health, water and power supply
if we compare the performance of the current administration of prime minister tertus zongo with that of the previous administration of prime minister paramanga ernest yonli, what would you say the performance of the current administration in the following areas: combating corruption
if we compare the performance of the current administration of prime minister tertus zongo with that of the previous administration of prime minister paramanga ernest yonli, what would you say the performance of the current administration in the following areas: combating insecurity
if we compare the performance of the current administration of prime minister tertus zongo with that of the previous administration of prime minister paramanga ernest yonli, what would you say the performance of the current administration in the following areas: combating rising prices
if we compare the performance of the current administration of prime minister tertus zongo with that of the previous administration of prime minister paramanga ernest yonli, what would you say the performance of the current administration in the following areas: media relations
if we compare the performance of the current administration of prime minister tertus zongo with that of the previous administration of prime minister paramanga ernest yonli, what would you say the performance of the current administration in the following areas: relations with other political forces in burkina faso
if we compare the performance of the current administration of prime minister tertus zongo with that of the previous administration of prime minister paramanga ernest yonli, what would you say the performance of the current administration in the following areas: social services (education, health, water and electricity)
if yes, will the scorecard information affect who you will vote for as your mp
if you did not make any of these payments over the last year, what was the reason
if you had to choose, which one of the following things: and which would be the next most important
if you had to choose, which one of the following things: is most important
if you were asked to choose between living under the customary laws from the cultural practices of your people and statutory laws made by the national government, which would you prefer?         44
if you yourself have seen problems in how local authority is run in the past year, how often, if at all, did you do any of the following: discuss the problem with other people in your community
if you yourself have seen problems in how local authority is run in the past year, how often, if at all, did you do any of the following: discuss the problems with other community, religious, or traditional leaders
if you yourself have seen problems in how local authority is run in the past year, how often, if at all, did you do any of the following: join with others in your community to address the problem
if you yourself have seen problems in how local authority is run in the past year, how often, if at all, did you do any of the following: make a complaint to local government officials, for example, by going in person or by writing a letter
if you yourself have seen problems in how local authority is run in the past year, how often, if at all, did you do any of the following: make a complaint to other government officials, for example, by going in person or by writing a letter
if you yourself have seen problems in how local authority is run in the past year, how often, if at all, did you do any of the following: write a letter to a newspaper or call a radio show?         38
if you yourself have seen problems in how local government is run
if you yourself have seen problems in how local government is run in the past year, how often, if at all, did you do any of the following: discuss the problem with other people in your community
if you yourself have seen problems in how local government is run in the past year, how often, if at all, did you do any of the following: discuss the problems with other community, religious, or traditional leaders
if you yourself have seen problems in how local government is run in the past year, how often, if at all, did you do any of the following: discuss the problems with other community, religious, or traditional leaders?         38
if you yourself have seen problems in how local government is run in the past year, how often, if at all, did you do any of the following: join with others in your community to address the problem
if you yourself have seen problems in how local government is run in the past year, how often, if at all, did you do any of the following: make a complaint to local government officials, for example, by going in person or by writing a letter
if you yourself have seen problems in how local government is run in the past year, how often, if at all, did you do any of the following: make a complaint to other government officials, for example, by going in person or by writing a letter
if you yourself have seen problems in how local government is run in the past year, how often, if at all, did you do any of the following: write a letter to a newspaper or call a radio show
if you yourself have seen problems in how local government is run in the past year, how often, if at all, did you do any of the following: write a letter to a newspaper or call a radio show?         37
in deciding which party you like most, how much do you think of or consider the following factors: is there anything else you consider
in deciding which party you like most, how much do you think of or consider the following factors: the campaign rewards distributed by the party’s candidates
in deciding which party you like most, how much do you think of or consider the following factors: the ethnic or regional origin of the party’s leader
in deciding which party you like most, how much do you think of or consider the following factors: the leadership skills of the party’s leader
in deciding which party you like most, how much do you think of or consider the following factors: the party leader’s background in the military
in deciding which party you like most, how much do you think of or consider the following factors: the party’s chances of winning
in deciding which party you like most, how much do you think of or consider the following factors: the past governing experience of the party
in deciding which party you like most, how much do you think of or consider the following factors: the personal integrity of the party’s leader
in deciding which party you like most, how much do you think of or consider the following factors: the policies the party promises to implement in its manifesto
in deciding which party you like most, how much do you think of or consider the following factors: the quality of the other parties
in deciding which party you like most, how much do you think of or consider the following factors: the services delivered by the present government
in deciding which party you most dislike, how much do you think of or consider the following factors: is there anything else you consider
in deciding which party you most dislike, how much do you think of or consider the following factors: the ethnic or regional origin of the party’s leader
in deciding which party you most dislike, how much do you think of or consider the following factors: the party leader’s background in the military
in deciding which party you most dislike, how much do you think of or consider the following factors: the party leader’s lack of leadership skills
in deciding which party you most dislike, how much do you think of or consider the following factors: the party leader’s perceived association with corruption
in deciding which party you most dislike, how much do you think of or consider the following factors: the party’s lack of governing experience
in deciding which party you most dislike, how much do you think of or consider the following factors: the party’s perceived tribalism
in deciding which party you most dislike, how much do you think of or consider the following factors: the party’s poor or unrealistic policies in its manifesto
in general, how do you rate your living conditions compared to those of other  batswana
in general, how do you rate your living conditions compared to those of other [[country]ians or kenyans or etc.]
in general, how do you rate your living conditions compared to those of other [country]ans
in general, how do you rate your living conditions compared to those of other [country]ians
in general, how do you rate your living conditions compared to those of other [country]ns
in general, how do you rate your living conditions compared to those of other [nationality]
in general, how do you rate your living conditions compared to those of other beninese
in general, how do you rate your living conditions compared to those of other burkinabe
in general, how do you rate your living conditions compared to those of other capeverdians
in general, how do you rate your living conditions compared to those of other kenyans
in general, how do you rate your living conditions compared to those of other liberians
in general, how do you rate your living conditions compared to those of other malagasy
in general, how do you rate your living conditions compared to those of other mozambicans
in general, how do you rate your living conditions compared to those of other senegalese
in general, how would you describe: the present economic condition of this country
in general, how would you describe: your own present living conditions
in order to decide how to vote in the 2011 elections, how much more information would you like to have
in regulating public demostartions and campaign rallies, how fairly are the police playing their role
in some places in [country], candidates for political office or people from political parties sometimes offer money to voters in return for their vote.  do you think it is not wrong at all, wrong but understandable, or wrong and punishable for: a candidate or party official to offer money in return for a vote
in some places in [country], candidates for political office or people from political parties sometimes offer money to voters in return for their vote.  do you think it is not wrong at all, wrong but understandable, or wrong and punishable for: a voter to accept money in return for his or her vote
in the last month, how much of the time: has your physical health reduced the amount of work you normally do inside or outside your home
in the last month, how much of the time: have you been so worried or anxious that you have felt tired, worn out, or exhausted
in the past year, have you yourself seen any problems with how local government is run
in the past year, how often (if ever) have you had to pay a bribe, give a gift, or do a favor to government officials in order to: avoid a problem with the police (like passing a checkpoint or avoiding a fine or arrest)
in the past year, how often (if ever) have you had to pay a bribe, give a gift, or do a favor to government officials in order to: get a document or a permit
in the past year, how often (if ever) have you had to pay a bribe, give a gift, or do a favor to government officials in order to: get water or sanitation services
in the psu or ea, did you (or any of your colleagues) see: any informal militia (e.g. war veterans, green bombers, party youths)
in the psu or ea, did you (or any of your colleagues) see: any informal militia (eg war veterans, green bombers, party youths)
in the psu or ea, did you (or any of your colleagues) see: any policemen or police vehicles
in the psu or ea, did you (or any of your colleagues) see: any policemen or police vehicles?         4 4
in the psu or ea, did you (or any of your colleagues) see: any soldiers or army vehicles
in thinking about a desirable future for [country], what are your priorities among the following? i am going to read you a list of four possible outcomes. what would you put first
in this area, how much money, on average, would people receive in return for selling their vote in the 2011 elections
in this country, how free are you:  to choose who to vote for without feeling pressured
in this country, how free are you:  to join any political organization you want
in this country, how free are you: to choose who to vote for without feeling pressured
in this country, how free are you: to hold a political rally
in this country, how free are you: to join any political organization you want
in this country, how free are you: to join any political organization you want?         11
in this country, how free are you: to say what you think
in this country, how free are you: to say what you think?         11
in this country, how free are you: to say what you think?         11 11
in this country, how likely do you think it is: that election officials who commit election crimes will be punished
in this country, how likely do you think it is: that political parties and candidates who commit election crimes will be punished
in this country, how often do people have to be careful of what they say about politics
in this country, how often: do people have to be careful of what they say about politics
in this country, how often: do people have to be careful of what they say about politics?          22
in your experience, how often do violent conflicts arise over land ownership and distribution in liberia
in your opinion how much of a democracy is [[country] or kenya or etc.]?  today?         22
in your opinion how much of a democracy is [country] today
in your opinion how much of a democracy is benin today
in your opinion how much of a democracy is botswana today
in your opinion how much of a democracy is burkina faso today
in your opinion how much of a democracy is cape verde today
in your opinion how much of a democracy is kenya today
in your opinion how much of a democracy is lesotho today
in your opinion how much of a democracy is liberia today
in your opinion how much of a democracy is madagascar today
in your opinion how much of a democracy is mozambique today
in your opinion how much of a democracy is senegal today
in your opinion, are the existing electoral laws sufficient to ensure clean, free and democratic elections
in your opinion, are the existing electoral laws sufficient to ensure clean, free and democratic elections? elections
in your opinion, do the following group of people who come to cape verde to live or work bring more problems than improvements, or do they contribute to the development of the country: africans
in your opinion, do the following group of people who come to cape verde to live or work bring more problems than improvements, or do they contribute to the development of the country: asians
in your opinion, do the following group of people who come to cape verde to live or work bring more problems than improvements, or do they contribute to the development of the country: europeans
in your opinion, do the following group of people who come to cape verde to live or work bring more problems than improvements, or do they contribute to the development of the country: repatriated cape verdians?         41
in your opinion, do you think the following events will have a positive impact, a negative impact, or no impact on the election chances of the nrm: the re-opening of cbs radio station
in your opinion, do you think the following events will have a positive impact, a negative impact, or no impact on the election chances of the nrm: the recent terrorist attacks on kampala
in your opinion, do you think the following events will have a positive impact, a negative impact, or no impact on the election chances of the nrm: the way in which the nrm primaries were conducted
in your opinion, do you think the following events will have a positive impact, a negative impact, or no impact on the election chances of the opposition: the decision of suubi 2011, the pressure group led by the former katikiro of b[country], to join the ipc
in your opinion, do you think the following events will have a positive impact, a negative impact, or no impact on the election chances of the opposition: the refusal of dp and upc to join the inter party cooperation
in your opinion, do you think the full federation of these east african states would make the following things better or worse for [country]ns: availability of jobs, marketing and trading opportunities
in your opinion, do you think the full federation of these east african states would make the following things better or worse for [country]ns: availability of jobs, markets and trading opportunities
in your opinion, do you think the full federation of these east african states would make the following things better or worse for [country]ns: control of corruption
in your opinion, do you think the full federation of these east african states would make the following things better or worse for [country]ns: management of national and cross-national conflicts
in your opinion, do you think the full federation of these east african states would make the following things better or worse for [country]ns: strengthening of democracy
in your opinion, do you think the full federation of these east african states would make the following things better or worse for kenyans: availability of jobs, marketing and trading opportunities
in your opinion, do you think the full federation of these east african states would make the following things better or worse for kenyans: control of corruption
in your opinion, do you think the full federation of these east african states would make the following things better or worse for kenyans: management of national and cross-national conflicts
in your opinion, do you think the full federation of these east african states would make the following things better or worse for kenyans: strengthening of democracy
in your opinion, do you think the organization of the 2011 presidential and parliamentary elections will be better or worse than the 2006 elections
in your opinion, how likely  is the inclusive government to survive or to collapse
in your opinion, how likely is it that you could get together with others and make:  your elected local councillor listens to your concerns about a matter of importance to the community
in your opinion, how likely is it that you could get together with others and make: regional councillor listen to your concerns about a matter of importance to the community?         15
in your opinion, how likely is it that you could get together with others and make: your deputy to the national assembly listen to your concerns about a matter of importance to the community
in your opinion, how likely is it that you could get together with others and make: your district commissioner listen to your concerns about a matter of importance to the community
in your opinion, how likely is it that you could get together with others and make: your elected assembly man or woman listen to your concerns about a matter of importance to the community
in your opinion, how likely is it that you could get together with others and make: your elected community councillor listen to your concerns about a matter of importance to the community
in your opinion, how likely is it that you could get together with others and make: your elected local  councillor listen to your concerns about a matter of importance to the community
in your opinion, how likely is it that you could get together with others and make: your elected local councillor listens to your concerns about a matter of importance to the community
in your opinion, how likely is it that you could get together with others and make: your elected local councilor listen to your concerns about a matter of importance to the community
in your opinion, how likely is it that you could get together with others and make: your elected local government councillor listens to your concerns about a matter of importance to the community
in your opinion, how likely is it that you could get together with others and make: your elected local government councilor listen to your concerns about a matter of importance to the community
in your opinion, how likely is it that you could get together with others and make: your local authority council listen to your concerns about a matter of importance to the community
in your opinion, how likely is it that you could get together with others and make: your local government officials listen to your concerns about a matter of importance to the community
in your opinion, how likely is it that you could get together with others and make: your member of national assembly listen to your concerns about a matter of importance to the community
in your opinion, how likely is it that you could get together with others and make: your member of parliament listen to your concerns about a matter of importance to the community
in your opinion, how likely is it that you could get together with others and make: your member of parliament listen to your concerns about a matter of importance to the community?         14
in your opinion, how likely is it that you could get together with others and make: your member of parliament listens to your concerns about a matter of importance to the community
in your opinion, how likely is it that you could get together with others and make: your member of parliament listens to your concerns about a matter of importance to the community?         14 14
in your opinion, how likely is it that you could get together with others and make: your representative to the house of assembly listen to your concerns about a matter of importance to the community
in your opinion, how likely is it that you could get together with others and make: your representative to the national assembly listen to your concerns about a matter of importance to the community
in your opinion, how likely is it that you could get together with others and make: your representative to the national assembly listen to your concerns about a matter of importance to the community?         14
in your opinion, how likely is it that you could get together with others and make: your representative to the national legislature listen to your concerns about a matter of importance to the community
in your opinion, how likely is it that you could get together with others and make: your representatives to the national assembly listen to your concerns about a matter of importance to the community
in your opinion, how likely is it that you could get together with others and make: your traditional leader listen to your concerns about a matter of importance to the community
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: [country]
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: [country]?         49
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: african union
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: botswana
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: britain
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: china
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: coi
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: comesa
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: eac
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: east african community (eac)
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: ecowas
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: ecowas?         50
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: eu
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: european union
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: france
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: germany
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: international businesses and investors
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: mauritius
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: other international donors and ngos (apart from the united nations)
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: other international donors and ngos (apart from the united nations)?         54
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: portugal
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: reunion
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: sadc
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: southern african development community (sadc)
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: southern african development community [sadc]
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: the european union
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: the european union (eu)
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: united nations
in your opinion, how much do each of the following do to help your country, or haven’t you heard enough to say: united states
in your opinion, how much have these bodies contributed to improving people’s welfare and reduction of corruption, or have not you heard enough to decide
in your opinion, how often, during elections in this country: and how often do political parties and candidates keep their campaign promises after elections
in your opinion, how often, during elections in this country: do election officials commit election crimes
in your opinion, how often, during elections in this country: do political parties and candidates ignore election laws
in your opinion, how often, during elections in this country: do political parties and candidates make promises simply to get elected
in your opinion, how often, during elections in this country: do political parties or candidates buy votes
in your opinion, how often, during elections in this country: do political parties or candidates use violence
in your opinion, how often, in this country: are people treated unequally under the law
in your opinion, how often, in this country: are people treated unequally under the law?         23
in your opinion, how often, in this country: do officials who commit crimes go unpunished
in your opinion, how often, in this country: do ordinary people who break the law go unpunished
in your opinion, how often, in this country: do ordinary people who break the law go unpunished?         22 22
in your opinion, how often, in this country: does competition between political parties lead to violent conflict
in your opinion, how often, in this country: does the president ignore the laws of the country
in your opinion, how often, in this country: does the prime minister ignore the laws of this country
in your opinion, how often, in this country: does the prime minster ignore the laws of the country
in your opinion, how should a revised constitution be ratified or approved
in your opinion, how well prepared is the [country] electoral commission to ensure that that the next election is free and fair
in your opinion, how well prepared is the electoral commission of [country] for the 2011 elections
in your opinion, what are the most important problems facing this country that government should address
in your opinion, what are the most important problems facing this country that the forthcoming 2011 elections should address
in your opinion, what is the best way to manage land distribution in liberia
in your opinion, what is the best way to select local government officials such as superintendents and city mayors
in your opinion, what is the main cause of death among children in [country]
in your opinion, what is the main cause of death among women in [country]
in your opinion, when do you think our local currency must be reintroduced
in your opinion, where does political power reside in [country]’s inclusive government
in your opinion, which group is most responsible for violent crime in this country
in your opinion, who is responsible for the current economic conditions in [country]
in your view, how likely is it: that districts that do not vote for the winning party will be penalized by receiving fewer government programs and resources
in your view, how likely is it: that losers will refuse to accept the official election results
in your view, how likely is it: that the security agencies will be able to prevent large-scale outbreaks of violence
in your view, how likely is it: that there will be violence after the announcement of election results
in your view, how likely is it: that there will be violence during the election campaign
in your view, how well or badly are the three parties in the inclusive government working together
in your view, what is the single most important thing that could be done to ensure that the next elections are free and fair
interviewer comment (verbatim)
interviewer number
interviewer:  do you have any other comments on the interview?  for example, did anything else significant happen during the interview
interviewer: do you have any other comments on the interview
interviewer’s age
interviewer’s age         56
interviewer’s age         58
interviewer’s gender
interviewer’s highest level of education
interviewer’s home language
interviewer’s home language         58
interviewer’s home language (verbatim)
interviewer’s name
interviewer’s number
interviewer’s number         52 52
joão lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one large political party and many small ones.  people are free to express their opinions and to vote as they please.  but so far, elections have not led to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is joão’s country
just one more question: who do you think sent us to do this interview
just one more question: who do you think sent us to do this interview (other)
just one more question: who do you think sent us to do this interview?          51
length of interview
lerato lives in a country with many political parties and free elections.  everyone is free to speak their minds about politics and to vote for the party of their choice.  elections sometimes lead to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is lerato’s country
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a [[country]ian or kenyan or etc.] and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group].  which of the following best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a [country]an and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group].  which of the following best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a [country]ian and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group].  which of the following best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a [country]n and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group].  which of the following best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a [country]n and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group].  which of the following statements best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a [nationality] and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group].  which of the following best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a beninese and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group].  which of the following best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a burkinabe and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group].  which of the following best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a cape verden and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group].  which of the following best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a kenyan and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group].  which of the following best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a liberian and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group].  which of the following best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a malagasy and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group].  which of the following best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a motswana and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group].  which of the following best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a mozambican and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group].  which of the following best expresses your feelings
let us suppose that you had to choose between being a senegalese and being a ________ [r’s ethnic group].  which of the following best expresses your feelings
let’s break down the various parts of the 2006 elections.   how free and fair were these elections in terms of: equal treatment of all candidates and parties by election officials and law enforcement agencies
let’s break down the various parts of the 2006 elections.   how free and fair were these elections in terms of: the counting and reporting of results
let’s break down the various parts of the 2011 elections.  how free and fair do you think the campaign has been so far in terms of: and, how free and fair do you expect the election to be in terms of the counting and reporting of results
let’s break down the various parts of the 2011 elections.  how free and fair do you think the campaign has been so far in terms of: equal access of all candidates and parties to the media
let’s break down the various parts of the 2011 elections.  how free and fair do you think the campaign has been so far in terms of: equal treatment of all candidates and parties by election officials and law enforcement agencies
let’s break down the various parts of the 2011 elections.  how free and fair do you think the campaign has been so far in terms of: the ability of all candidates and parties to hold rallies
let’s break down the various parts of the 2011 elections.  how free and fair do you think the campaign has been so far in terms of: the amount of money and resources available to all candidates and parties
let’s break down the various parts of the 2011 elections.  how free and fair do you think the campaign has been so far in terms of: the availability of information about all candidates and parties
let’s break down the various parts of the 2011 elections.  how free and fair do you think the campaign has been so far in terms of: the counting and reporting of results
let’s get back to talking about you. what is your tribe? you know, your ethnic or cultural group
let’s talk for a moment about the kind of society we would like to have in this country. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.     statement 1: citizens  should be more active in questioning the actions of leaders. statement 2: in our country, citizens should show more respect for authority
let’s talk for a moment about the kind of society we would like to have in this country. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.     statement 1: citizens should be more active in questioning the actions of leaders.         12 statement 2: in our country, citizens should show more respect for authority
let’s talk for a moment about the kind of society we would like to have in this country. which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.     statement 1: citizens should be more active in questioning the actions of leaders. statement 2: in our country, citizens should show more respect for authority
let’s turn to your role in the community. now i am going to read out a list of group that people join or attend. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member, or not a member: a cultural group
let’s turn to your role in the community. now i am going to read out a list of group that people join or attend. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member, or not a member: a farmers’ association
let’s turn to your role in the community. now i am going to read out a list of group that people join or attend. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member, or not a member: a political party
let’s turn to your role in the community. now i am going to read out a list of group that people join or attend. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member, or not a member: a professional or business association
let’s turn to your role in the community. now i am going to read out a list of group that people join or attend. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member, or not a member: a religious group (e.g., church, mosque)
let’s turn to your role in the community. now i am going to read out a list of group that people join or attend. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member, or not a member: some a local development group
let’s turn to your role in the community. now i am going to read out a list of group that people join or attend. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member, or not a member: some other voluntary association or community group
let’s turn to your role in the community. now i am going to read out a list of group that people join or attend. for each one, could you tell me whether you are an official leader, an active member, an inactive member, or not a member: some other voluntary association or community group?         13
location
looking ahead, do you expect the following to be better or worse: economic conditions in this country in twelve months time
looking ahead, do you expect the following to be better or worse: your living conditions in twelve months time
looking at lesotho’s experience with democracy, which of these three statements is closest to your opinion? statement 1: lesotho should go back to the old system of electing representatives from constituencies directly to the national assembly. statement 2: lesotho should keep the current mixed member system made up of constituency seats and proportional representation seats in the national assembly. statement 3: lesotho should move to a purely proportional representation system
looking at the group of  elected councillors who are presently serving on your local government council, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their honesty at handling public funds
looking at the group of elected assembly men and women who are presently serving on your metropolitan, municipal or district assembly, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate         36 them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their experience at managing public service programs
looking at the group of elected assembly men and women who are presently serving on your metropolitan, municipal or district assembly, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate         37 37 them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their honesty at handling public funds
looking at the group of elected assembly men and women who are presently serving on your metropolitan, municipal or district assembly, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: the extent that they care about the community
looking at the group of elected assembly men and women who are presently serving on your metropolitan, municipal or district assembly, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their experience at managing public service programs
looking at the group of elected assembly men and women who are presently serving on your metropolitan, municipal or district assembly, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their honesty at handling public funds
looking at the group of elected assembly men and women who are presently serving on your metropolitan, municipal or district assembly, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their level of education
looking at the group of elected councillors who are presently serving on your community council, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their honesty at handling public funds?         37
looking at the group of elected councillors who are presently serving on your community council, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs? please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: the extent that they care about the community
looking at the group of elected councillors who are presently serving on your community council, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs? please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their experience at managing public service programs
looking at the group of elected councillors who are presently serving on your community council, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs? please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their level of education
looking at the group of elected councillors who are presently serving on your local government council, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: the extent that they care about the community
looking at the group of elected councillors who are presently serving on your local government council, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their experience at managing public service programs
looking at the group of elected councillors who are presently serving on your local government council, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their experience at managing public service programs?         37
looking at the group of elected councillors who are presently serving on your local government council, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their honesty at handling public funds
looking at the group of elected councillors who are presently serving on your local government council, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their honesty at handling public funds?         37
looking at the group of elected councillors who are presently serving on your local government council, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their level of education
looking at the group of elected councillors who are presently serving on your local government council, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs? please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: the extent that they care about the community
looking at the group of elected councillors who are presently serving on your local government council, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs? please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their experience at managing public service programs
looking at the group of elected councillors who are presently serving on your local government council, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs? please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their experience at managing public service programs?         36
looking at the group of elected councillors who are presently serving on your local government council, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs? please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their honesty at handling public funds
looking at the group of elected councillors who are presently serving on your local government council, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs? please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their level of education
looking at the group of elected councilors who are presently serving on your local government council, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: the extent that they care about the community
looking at the group of elected councilors who are presently serving on your local government council, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their experience at managing public service programs
looking at the group of elected councilors who are presently serving on your local government council, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their honesty at handling public funds
looking at the group of elected councilors who are presently serving on your local government council, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their honesty at handling public funds?         37
looking at the group of elected councilors who are presently serving on your local government council, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their level of education
looking at the group of elected local authority councillors who are presently serving on your local authority council, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: the extent that they care about the community
looking at the group of elected local authority councillors who are presently serving on your local authority council, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their experience at managing public service programs
looking at the group of elected local authority councillors who are presently serving on your local authority council, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their honesty at handling public funds
looking at the group of elected local authority councillors who are presently serving on your local authority council, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their level of education
looking at the group of officials who are presently serving in your local government, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: the extent that they care about the community
looking at the group of officials who are presently serving in your local government, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their experience at managing public service programs
looking at the group of officials who are presently serving in your local government, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their honesty at handling public funds
looking at the group of officials who are presently serving in your local government, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their level of education
looking at the members who are presently serving on your district assembly, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: the extent that they care about the community
looking at the members who are presently serving on your district assembly, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their experience at managing public service programs
looking at the members who are presently serving on your district assembly, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their honesty at handling public funds
looking at the members who are presently serving on your district assembly, how qualified do you think they are to do their jobs?  please rate them according to the following types of qualification. or haven’t you heard enough to have an opinion: their level of education?         36
looking back, how do you rate the following compared to twelve months ago: economic conditions in this country
looking back, how do you rate the following compared to twelve months ago: your living conditions
looking back, how do you rate the following compared to twelve months ago: your living conditions?          8
looking back, how satisfied were you with the performance of the following security forces during the april 2007 elections, or haven’t you heard enough to say: civil defense
looking back, how satisfied were you with the performance of the following security forces during the april 2007 elections, or haven’t you heard enough to say: code of conduct bureau
looking back, how satisfied were you with the performance of the following security forces during the april 2007 elections, or haven’t you heard enough to say: economic and financial crimes commission
looking back, how satisfied were you with the performance of the following security forces during the april 2007 elections, or haven’t you heard enough to say: independent corrupt practices commission
looking back, how satisfied were you with the performance of the following security forces during the april 2007 elections, or haven’t you heard enough to say: military
looking back, how satisfied were you with the performance of the following security forces during the april 2007 elections, or haven’t you heard enough to say: police
looking back, how satisfied were you with the performance of the following security forces during the april 2007 elections, or haven’t you heard enough to say: state security services (sss)
manuela lives in a country with many political parties and free elections.  everyone is free to speak their minds about politics and to vote for the party of their choice.  elections sometimes lead to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is manuelas’s country
many [country]ans believe that the schooling system is in crisis. for each of the following solutions to end the crisis, would you agree or disagree: adopting a national language in education
many [country]ans believe that the schooling system is in crisis. for each of the following solutions to end the crisis, would you agree or disagree: make basic education free and compulsory
many [country]ans believe that the schooling system is in crisis. for each of the following solutions to end the crisis, would you agree or disagree: provide monetary rewards and  or or in kind to deserving teachers
many [country]ans believe that the schooling system is in crisis. for each of the following solutions to end the crisis, would you agree or disagree: reward the best students systematically
many [country]ans believe that the schooling system is in crisis. for each of the following solutions to end the crisis, would you agree or disagree: school leaders chosen by their peers
many [country]ans believe that the schooling system is in crisis. for each of the following solutions to end the crisis, would you agree or disagree: severely punish teachers involved in the fraud and corruption
many [country]ans believe that the schooling system is in crisis. for each of the following solutions to end the crisis, would you agree or disagree. others solutions (specify)
many [country]ans have no proof of citizenship status. which of the following pieces of identity do you personally have: birth certificate
many [country]ans have no proof of citizenship status. which of the following pieces of identity do you personally have: driving licence
many [country]ans have no proof of citizenship status. which of the following pieces of identity do you personally have: family book
many [country]ans have no proof of citizenship status. which of the following pieces of identity do you personally have: identity card
many chinese owned businesses have come to [country]. how much do you think they have contributed to the development of [country]
members of parliament have different responsibilities.  which of the following do you think is the most important responsibility of your member of parliament
might the president influence the choice of his successor
national assembly deputies have different responsibilities.  which of the following do you think is the most important responsibility of your national assembly deputy
national assembly deputies have different responsibilities.  which of the following do you think is the most important responsibility of your national assembly deputy?          27
now i would like to ask you some questions about the events that followed the december 2007 general elections. as you know, there were outbreaks of violence in various parts of the country. please tell me if members of your family were affected in any of the following ways:  damage to their personal property
now i would like to ask you some questions about the events that followed the december 2007 general elections. as you know, there were outbreaks of violence in various parts of the country. please tell me if members of your family were affected in any of the following ways:  eviction from their homes
now i would like to ask you some questions about the events that followed the december 2007 general elections. as you know, there were outbreaks of violence in various parts of the country. please tell me if members of your family were affected in any of the following ways:  loss of a job
now i would like to ask you some questions about the events that followed the december 2007 general elections. as you know, there were outbreaks of violence in various parts of the country. please tell me if members of your family were affected in any of the following ways:  personal injury
now i would like to ask you some questions about the events that followed the december 2007 general elections. as you know, there were outbreaks of violence in various parts of the country. please tell me if members of your family were affected in any of the following ways:  the destruction of their homes
now i would like to ask you some questions about the events that followed the december 2007 general elections. as you know, there were outbreaks of violence in various parts of the country. please tell me if members of your family were affected in any of the following ways:  the destruction or closure of businesses
now i would like to ask you some questions about the events that followed the december 2007 general elections. as you know, there were outbreaks of violence in various parts of the country. please tell me if members of your family were affected in any of the following ways: death
now i would like to ask you some questions about the events that followed the december 2007 general elections. as you know, there were outbreaks of violence in various parts of the country. please tell me if you personally were affected in any of the following ways:  damage to your personal property
now i would like to ask you some questions about the events that followed the december 2007 general elections. as you know, there were outbreaks of violence in various parts of the country. please tell me if you personally were affected in any of the following ways:  eviction from your home
now i would like to ask you some questions about the events that followed the december 2007 general elections. as you know, there were outbreaks of violence in various parts of the country. please tell me if you personally were affected in any of the following ways:  loss of a job
now i would like to ask you some questions about the events that followed the december 2007 general elections. as you know, there were outbreaks of violence in various parts of the country. please tell me if you personally were affected in any of the following ways:  personal injury
now i would like to ask you some questions about the events that followed the december 2007 general elections. as you know, there were outbreaks of violence in various parts of the country. please tell me if you personally were affected in any of the following ways:  the destruction of your home
now i would like to ask you some questions about the events that followed the december 2007 general elections. as you know, there were outbreaks of violence in various parts of the country. please tell me if you personally were affected in any of the following ways:  the destruction or closure of a business
now i would like to ask you some questions about your experiences during the two civil wars that occurred in liberia between 1989 and 2003.  as you know, during the civil wars there was violence in many parts of         45 the country.  during the civil wars, please tell me if you personally were affected in any of the following ways: eviction from your home
now i would like to ask you some questions about your experiences during the two civil wars that occurred in liberia between 1989 and 2003.  as you know, during the civil wars there was violence in many parts of the country.  during the civil wars, please tell me if you personally were affected in any of the following ways: damage to your personal property
now i would like to ask you some questions about your experiences during the two civil wars that occurred in liberia between 1989 and 2003.  as you know, during the civil wars there was violence in many parts of the country.  during the civil wars, please tell me if you personally were affected in any of the following ways: destruction or closure of a business
now i would like to ask you some questions about your experiences during the two civil wars that occurred in liberia between 1989 and 2003.  as you know, during the civil wars there was violence in many parts of the country.  during the civil wars, please tell me if you personally were affected in any of the following ways: loss of a job
now i would like to ask you some questions about your experiences during the two civil wars that occurred in liberia between 1989 and 2003.  as you know, during the civil wars there was violence in many parts of the country.  during the civil wars, please tell me if you personally were affected in any of the following ways: loss or death of a personal family member due to conflict
now i would like to ask you some questions about your experiences during the two civil wars that occurred in liberia between 1989 and 2003.  as you know, during the civil wars there was violence in many parts of the country.  during the civil wars, please tell me if you personally were affected in any of the following ways: personal injury
now i would like to ask you some questions about your experiences during the two civil wars that occurred in liberia between 1989 and 2003.  as you know, during the civil wars there was violence in many parts of the country.  during the civil wars, please tell me if you personally were affected in any of the following ways: the destruction of your home
now let’s speak about the performance of the former mbeki government how well or badly would you say the former mbeki government was handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: managing the economy
now let’s speak about the present government of this country. how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: improving the living standards of the poor
now let’s speak about the present government of this country. how well or badly would you say the current government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: managing the economy
now let’s speak about the present government of this country. how well or badly would you say the inclusive government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: improving the living standards of the poor
now let’s speak about the present government of this country. how well or badly would you say the inclusive government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough to say: managing the economy
now let’s turn to elections. with regard to the march 2008 national elections, which statement is true for you
now that it is fully operational, how likely do you think it is that the anti-corruption commission (acc) will be effective in reducing corruption in [country]
nthabiseng lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one big political party and many small ones.  people are afraid to express political opinions or to vote for the opposition.  the opposition is so weak that it seems that it can never win an election.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is nthabiseng’s country
number of women or men in the household (adult citizens)
on the whole, do you think that the media has given fair coverage to all of the political parties and candidates during the election campaign, or has media coverage been biased against certain candidates or parties
on the whole, how free and fair do you expect the forthcoming 2011 national election to be
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the last national election, held in [year].  was it:
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the last national election, held in 2004.  was it:
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the last national election, held in 2005.  was it:
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the last national election, held in 2006
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the last national election, held in 2006.  was it:
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the last national election, held in 2007?  was it:
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the last national election, held in 2007.  was it:
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the last national election, held in 2008.  was it:
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the last national election, held in march 2008?  was it:
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the last national elections, held in 2004.  was it:
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the last national elections, held in 2007.  was it:
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the last national elections, held in may 2007.  was it:
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the last regional elections, held on 16 march 2008.  was it:
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the national election, held in march 2008?  was it:
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the presidential run-off election held in june 2008?  was it:
on the whole, how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the presidential run-off, held in june 2008?  was it:
over the course of the past year, have you personally perceived a problem in the way the municipal or rural council is run
over the course of the past year, have you personally perceived a problem in the way the municipal or rural council is run?         36
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or anyone in your family gone without: a cash income
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or anyone in your family gone without: a cash income?         10
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or anyone in your family gone without: a cash income?         9
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or anyone in your family gone without: enough clean water for home use
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or anyone in your family gone without: enough clean water for home use?         10
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or anyone in your family gone without: enough food to eat
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or anyone in your family gone without: enough fuel to cook your food
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or anyone in your family gone without: enough fuel to cook your food?         10
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or anyone in your family gone without: medicines or medical treatment
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or anyone in your family gone without: medicines or medical treatment?         9
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or anyone in your family gone without: traditional medicines or medical treatment
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or anyone in your family: been physically attacked
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or anyone in your family: feared crime in your own home
over the past year, how often, if ever, have you or anyone in your family: had something stolen from your house
over what sort of problems do violent conflicts most often arise between different group in this country
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in [[country] or kenya or etc.]? are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in [country]? are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in [country]? are you:          22
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in benin? are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in botswana? are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in burkina faso? are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in cape verde? are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in kenya? are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in lesotho? are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in liberia? are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in madagascar? are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in mozambique? are you:
overall, how satisfied are you with the way democracy works in senegal? are you:
overall, how satisfied or unsatisfied are you with the following health programs and providers?  or haven’t you heard enough about them to have an opinion? maternal and child health services
overall, how satisfied or unsatisfied are you with the following health programs and providers?  or haven’t you heard enough about them to have an opinion? the services provided by nurses and midwives
overall, how satisfied or unsatisfied are you with the following health programs and providers?  or haven’t you heard enough about them to have an opinion? the village health workers network
parish or ward
people have different ideas about how much integration of the economies and political systems of the east african states is the right amount.  some don’t want any integration.  others support complete unification of the governments.  please tell me if you approve or disapprove of each of the following proposed aspects of integration, or haven’t you heard enough to say: creation of a common east african passport
people have different ideas about how much integration of the economies and political systems of the east african states is the right amount.  some don’t want any integration.  others support complete unification of the governments.  please tell me if you approve or disapprove of each of the following proposed aspects of integration, or haven’t you heard enough to say: customs union, that is, creation of a uniform regime of taxes and rates
people have different ideas about how much integration of the economies and political systems of the east african states is the right amount.  some don’t want any integration.  others support complete unification of the governments.  please tell me if you approve or disapprove of each of the following proposed aspects of integration, or haven’t you heard enough to say: formation of  unitary government, including having one east african president
people have different ideas about how much integration of the economies and political systems of the east african states is the right amount.  some don’t want any integration.  others support complete unification of the governments.  please tell me if you approve or disapprove of each of the following proposed aspects of integration, or haven’t you heard enough to say: formation of a joint army
people have different ideas about how much integration of the economies and political systems of the east african states is the right amount.  some don’t want any integration.  others support complete unification of the governments.  please tell me if you approve or disapprove of each of the following proposed aspects of integration, or haven’t you heard enough to say: formation of a unitary government, including having one east african president
people have different ideas about how much integration of the economies and political systems of the east african states is the right amount.  some don’t want any integration.  others support complete unification of the governments.  please tell me if you approve or disapprove of each of the following proposed aspects of integration, or haven’t you heard enough to say: free movement of labour
people have different ideas about how much integration of the economies and political systems of the east african states is the right amount.  some don’t want any integration.  others support complete unification of the governments.  please tell me if you approve or disapprove of each of the following proposed aspects of integration, or haven’t you heard enough to say: free movement of people, goods and services
people have different ideas about how much integration of the economies and political systems of the east african states is the right amount.  some don’t want any integration.  others support complete unification of the governments.  please tell me if you approve or disapprove of each of the following proposed aspects of integration, or haven’t you heard enough to say: monetary union, i.e., formation of a single east african currency
people have different ideas about how much integration of the economies and political systems of the east african states is the right amount.  some don’t want any integration.  others support complete unification of the governments.  please tell me if you approve or disapprove of each of the following proposed aspects of integration, or haven’t you heard enough to say: monetary union, that is the formation of a single east african currency
personally, do you prefer not to vote for candidates of a certain ethnic group? if yes, what ethnicity is that
please tell me how effective you think each of the following measures will be in helping to ensure that the 2011 elections will be free and fair: giving each political party a copy of the voters register
please tell me how effective you think each of the following measures will be in helping to ensure that the 2011 elections will be free and fair: the deployment of domestic and international election observers
please tell me how effective you think each of the following measures will be in helping to ensure that the 2011 elections will be free and fair: the display of the voters register on the internet
please tell me how effective you think each of the following measures will be in helping to ensure that the 2011 elections will be free and fair: the electronic transmission of election results from districts to kampala headquarters
please tell me how effective you think each of the following measures will be in helping to ensure that the 2011 elections will be free and fair: the posting of election results at polling stations
please tell me if the quality of each of these public services in your area has gotten worse or better now than it was before the last elections in 2006, or is it about the same?  or is the service not available in your area: electricity supply
please tell me if the quality of each of these public services in your area has gotten worse or better now than it was before the last elections in 2006, or is it about the same?  or is the service not available in your area: public health and medical facilities
please tell me if the quality of each of these public services in your area has gotten worse or better now than it was before the last elections in 2006, or is it about the same?  or is the service not available in your area: public roads
please tell me if the quality of each of these public services in your area has gotten worse or better now than it was before the last elections in 2006, or is it about the same?  or is the service not available in your area: safety from crime and violence
please tell me if the quality of each of these public services in your area has gotten worse or better now than it was before the last elections in 2006, or is it about the same?  or is the service not available in your area: universal primary education
previous interview was with a:
previous interview was with a:         6
psu or ea
psu_ea_saf
race of respondent
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 1
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 2
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 2         5
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 2         5 5
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 3
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 4
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 5
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 6
reasons for unsuccessful calls: household 7
reasons for unsuccessful calls: other
region or province
representative to parliament have different responsibilities.  which of the following do you think is the most important responsibility of your representative of parliament
representatives to the national assembly have different responsibilities.  which of the following do you think is the most important responsibility of your representative to the national assembly
representatives to the national assembly have different responsibilities.  which of the following do you think is the most important responsibility of your representatives to the national assembly
representatives to the national legislatures have different responsibilities.  which of the following do you think is the most important responsibility of your national legislature
respondent number
respondent’s gender
respondent’s race
since 2003, have you participated in any type of reintegration or rehabilitation program for ex-combatants
since the april 2007 national elections, how would you rate the performance of the following institutions in responding to election grievances: civil society organizations
since the april 2007 national elections, how would you rate the performance of the following institutions in responding to election grievances: political parties
since the april 2007 national elections, how would you rate the performance of the following institutions in responding to election grievances: the election tribunals
since the april 2007 national elections, how would you rate the performance of the following institutions in responding to election grievances: the independent national electoral commission (inec)
since the april 2007 national elections, how would you rate the performance of the following institutions in responding to election grievances: the presidency
sous-préfecture
sub county
sub-county
supervisor:  do you have any other comments on the interview?  for example, did anything else significant happen during the interview
supervisor: do you have any other comments on the interview? for example, did anything else significant happen during the interview
supervisor: i hereby certify that this interview was conducted in accordance with instructions given to interviewers during training.  all responses have been checked for completeness and accuracy. the information         62 about the ea on the first page is based on observations i personally made in an area chosen by the appropriate sampling method
supervisor’s comment (verbatim)
suppose after the announcement of election results a serious dispute erupted between the losers and winners of the elections. how likely do you think it would be that the following security forces would remain neutral in the matter and refrain from supporting a particular side: the army
suppose after the announcement of election results a serious dispute erupted between the losers and winners of the elections. how likely do you think it would be that the following security forces would remain neutral in the matter and refrain from supporting a particular side: the police
supposing government succeed in pushing through the bill and passing it into law.  would this cause you to change who you vote in the forthcoming elections for: parliament
supposing government succeed in pushing through the bill and passing it into law.  would this cause you to change who you vote in the forthcoming elections for: president
taking the problem you mentioned first, how likely is it that the inclusive  government will solve your most important problem within the next few years
thabo lives in a country with regular elections.  it has one large political party and many small ones.  people are free to express their opinions and to vote as they please.  but so far, elections have not led to a change of ruling party.  in your opinion, how much of a democracy is thabo’s country
there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives; only one political party is allowed to stand for election and hold office
there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives: elections and national assembly are abolished so that the president can decide everything
there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives: elections and parliament are abolished so that the president can decide everything
there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives: elections and parliament are abolished so that the president can decide everything?         16
there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives: elections and parliament or national assembly are abolished so that the president or prime minister can decide everything
there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives: elections and the national assembly are abolished so that the president can decide everything
there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives: elections and the national assembly are abolished so that the prime minister can decide everything
there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives: elections and the national legislature are abolished so that the president can decide everything
there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives: elections and the parliament are abolished so that the president can decide everything
there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives: if the country returned to the old system we had under apartheid
there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives: only one political party is allowed to stand for election and hold office
there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives: the army comes in to govern the country
there are many ways to govern a country. would you disapprove or approve of the following alternatives: the army comes in to govern the country?         16
think about how elections work in practice in this country.  how well do elections: enable voters to remove from office leaders who do not do what the people want
think about how elections work in practice in this country.  how well do elections: enable voters to remove from office leaders who do not do what the people want?         43
think about how elections work in practice in this country.  how well do elections: ensure that members of parliament reflect the views of voters
think about how elections work in practice in this country.  how well do elections: ensure that national assembly deputies reflect the views of voters
think about how elections work in practice in this country.  how well do elections: ensure that representatives to the national assembly reflect the views of voters
think about how elections work in practice in this country.  how well do elections: ensure that the members of parliament reflect the views of voters
think about how elections work in practice in this country.  how well do elections: ensure that the members of parliament reflect the views of voters?         44
think about how elections work in practice in this country.  how well do elections: ensure that the representative to the national legislature reflect the views of voters
think about how elections work in practice in this country.  how well do elections: ensure that the representatives to parliament reflect the views of voters
think about how elections work in practice in this country.  how well do elections: ensure that the representatives to the national assembly reflect the views of voters
think about how elections work in practice in this country.  how well do elections: ensure that the representatives to the parliament reflect the views of voters
think about the condition of  ____________ [r’s ethnic group]. are their economic conditions worse, the same as, or better than other group in this country
think about the condition of ____________ [r’s ethnic group]. do they have less, the same, or more influence in politics than other group in this country
think about the condition of ____________ [r’s ethnic group]. do they have less, the same, or more influence in politics than other group in this country?          43
think of the last time you contacted any of these leaders. did you go: alone or with a group
think of the last time you contacted any of these leaders. did you go: alone or with a group?         17
think of the last time you contacted any of these leaders. did you go: to discuss a community problem or a personal problem
thinking about the group or group in which you are member, have you and other members of the group discussed how and who to vote for:  a professional or business association
thinking about the group or group in which you are member, have you and other members of the group discussed how and who to vote for:  some a local development group
thinking about the group or group in which you are member, have you and other members of the group discussed how and who to vote for: a cultural group
thinking about the group or group in which you are member, have you and other members of the group discussed how and who to vote for: a farmers’ association
thinking about the group or group in which you are member, have you and other members of the group discussed how and who to vote for: a political party
thinking about the group or group in which you are member, have you and other members of the group discussed how and who to vote for: a religious group (e.g., church, mosque)
thinking about the ongoing elections campaigns, how well or badly do you rate the performance of the police in maintaining a secure environment for the elections
thinking about the posting of election results at polling stations, how effective was this measure in ensuring the credibility of the 2008 elections
thinking of the newspaper that you most frequently read, in your opinion, does this newspaper give equal or unequal coverage to different candidates in the forthcoming elections
thinking of the way media behaves and how the government responds , which of these three statements is closest to your opinion? statement 1: the media in lesotho should be completely free to say whatever it likes about any person in the country. statement 2: media in lesotho should be generally free, but with some regulation by government statement 3: the government should shut down media that shows no respect for our leaders
thinking of your journey here: was the road at the start point in the psu or ea paved or tarred or concrete
this interview must be with a:
time interview ended
time interview started
time interview started         7
to the extent that some burkinabe are not on the electoral roll, which of the following statements is true for you
to whom would you turn for help to resolve a violent conflict between different group in this country
town  or village
town or village
under the provision limiting the number of presidential terms, president blaise compaoré cannot stand again for another term after 2015. would you agree or disagree that the constitution be amended to enable him to stand for office again
vote for which party (other)
ward
we are now going to discuss how you rate different forms of government  i would like you to give marks out of 10.  the best form of governing a country gets 10 out of 10 and the worst form of governing a country gets no marks at all.  what grade would you give to: our current system of government with regular elections where everyone can vote and there are at least two political parties
we are now going to discuss how you rate different forms of government  i would like you to give marks out of 10.  the best form of governing a country gets 10 out of 10 and the worst form of governing a country gets no marks at all.  what grade would you give to: the political system of this country as you expect it to be in 10 years time
we are now going to discuss how you rate different forms of government  i would like you to give marks out of 10.  the best form of governing a country gets 10 out of 10 and the worst form of governing a country gets no marks at all.  what grade would you give to: the way the country was governed under apartheid
were there any other people immediately present who might be listening during the interview
were you approached by community and or or political party representatives
were you physically threatened during the interview
were you physically threatened during the interview?          55
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your district assembly.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: collecting license fees on bicycles, carts and barrows
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your district assembly.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: keeping our community clean (e.g., refuse removed)
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your district assembly.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining local roads
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your district assembly. how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: collecting rates on privately owned houses
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your district assembly. how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining health standards in public restaurants and food stalls
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your district assembly.. how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining local market places
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your local government council.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: collecting license fees on bicycles, carts and barrows
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your local government council.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: collecting rates on privately owned houses
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your local government council.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: keeping our community clean (e.g., refuse removed)
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your local government council.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining health standards in public restaurants and food stalls
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your local government council.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining local market places?         36
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your local government council.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining local roads
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your local government council. how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining health standards in public restaurants and food stalls
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your local government council. how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining local market places
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your municipal or community council.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: collecting license fees on bicycles, carts and barrows
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your municipal or community council.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: keeping our community clean (e.g., refuse removed)
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your municipal or community council. how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: collecting rates on privately owned houses
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your municipal or community council. how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining health standards in public restaurants and food stalls
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your municipal or community council..  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining local roads
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your municipal or local government  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: collecting license fees on bicycles, carts and barrows
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your municipal or local government  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: collecting rates on privately owned houses
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your municipal or local government  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: keeping our community clean (e.g., refuse removed)
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your municipal or local government  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining health standards in public restaurants and food stalls
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your municipal or local government  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining local roads
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your municipal or local government council.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: collecting license fees on bicycles, carts and barrows
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your municipal or local government council.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining health standards in public restaurants and food stalls
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your municipal or local government council.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining local roads
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your municipal or local government council. how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: collecting license fees on bicycles, carts and barrows
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your municipal or local government council. how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: collecting rates on privately owned houses
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your municipal or local government council. how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: keeping our community clean (e.g., refuse removed)
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your municipal or local government council. how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining local market places
what about local government? i do not mean the central government  i mean your municipal or local government how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining local market places
what about local government? i do not mean the federal government or state government  i mean your local government council.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: collecting license fees on bicycles, carts and barrows
what about local government? i do not mean the federal government or state government  i mean your local government council.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: collecting rates on privately owned houses
what about local government? i do not mean the federal government or state government  i mean your local government council.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: keeping our community clean (e.g., refuse removed)
what about local government? i do not mean the federal government or state government  i mean your local government council.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining health standards in public restaurants and food stalls
what about local government? i do not mean the federal government or state government  i mean your local government council.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining local roads
what about local government? i do not mean the federal government or state government  i mean your local government council.. how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining local market places
what about local government? i do not mean the national government  i do not mean the central government  i mean your local government council.   how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: collecting license fees on bicycles, carts and barrows
what about local government? i do not mean the national government  i mean your metropolitan, municipal or district assembly.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: collecting license fees on bicycles, carts and barrows
what about local government? i do not mean the national government  i mean your metropolitan, municipal or district assembly.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: keeping our community clean (e.g., refuse removed)
what about local government? i do not mean the national government  i mean your metropolitan, municipal or district assembly.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining health standards in public restaurants and food stalls
what about local government? i do not mean the national government  i mean your metropolitan, municipal or district assembly.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining health standards in public restaurants and food stalls?         33 33
what about local government? i do not mean the national government  i mean your metropolitan, municipal or district assembly.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining local roads
what about local government? i do not mean the national government  i mean your metropolitan, municipal or district assembly. how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: collecting rates on privately owned houses
what about local government? i do not mean the national government  i mean your metropolitan, municipal or district assembly. how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining local market places
what about local government? i do not mean the national government  i mean your municipal and local government council.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: collecting license fees on bicycles, carts and barrows
what about local government? i do not mean the national government  i mean your municipal and local government council.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: keeping our community clean (e.g., refuse removed)
what about local government? i do not mean the national government  i mean your municipal and local government council.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining health standards in public restaurants and food stalls
what about local government? i do not mean the national government  i mean your municipal and local government council.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining local roads
what about local government? i do not mean the national government  i mean your municipal and local government council. how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: collecting rates on privately owned houses
what about local government? i do not mean the national government  i mean your municipal and local government council. how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining local market places
what about local government? i do not mean the national government  i mean your municipal or elected local authority council.  how well or badly would you say your local authority is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: collecting license fees on bicycles, carts and barrows
what about local government? i do not mean the national government  i mean your municipal or elected local authority council.  how well or badly would you say your local authority is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: collecting rates on privately owned houses
what about local government? i do not mean the national government  i mean your municipal or elected local authority council.  how well or badly would you say your local authority is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: keeping our community clean (e.g., refuse removed)
what about local government? i do not mean the national government  i mean your municipal or elected local authority council.  how well or badly would you say your local authority is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining health standards in public restaurants and food stalls
what about local government? i do not mean the national government  i mean your municipal or elected local authority council.  how well or badly would you say your local authority is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining local market places?         35
what about local government? i do not mean the national government  i mean your municipal or elected local authority council.  how well or badly would you say your local authority is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining local roads
what about local government? i do not mean the national government  i mean your municipal or local government council.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: collecting license fees on bicycles, carts and barrows
what about local government? i do not mean the national government  i mean your municipal or local government council.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: keeping our community clean (e.g., refuse removed)
what about local government? i do not mean the national government  i mean your municipal or local government council.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining health standards in public restaurants and food stalls
what about local government? i do not mean the national government  i mean your municipal or local government council.  how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining local roads
what about local government? i do not mean the national government  i mean your municipal or local government council. how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: collecting rates on privately owned houses
what about local government? i do not mean the national government  i mean your municipal or local government council. how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining local market places
what about local government? i do not mean the national government i do not mean the central government  i mean your local government council. how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining local market places
what about local government? i do not mean the national government i do not mean the central government  i mean your municipal or community council.. how well or badly would you say your local government is handling the following matters, or haven’t you heard enough about them to say: maintaining local market places?         33
what about the overall direction of the country?  would you say that the country is:
what about the radio station that that you listen to most frequently.  in your opinion, does this radio station give equal or unequal coverage to different candidates in the forthcoming elections
what about the recently concluded political party primaries?  how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the recently concluded party primaries for the flag bearers for each of the following political parties?  were they: [country] people’s congress (upc)
what about the recently concluded political party primaries?  how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the recently concluded party primaries for the flag bearers for each of the following political parties?  were they: democratic party (dp)
what about the recently concluded political party primaries?  how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the recently concluded party primaries for the flag bearers for each of the following political parties?  were they: forum for democratic change and the inter party cooperation (fdc and ipc)
what about the recently concluded political party primaries?  how would you rate the freeness and fairness of the recently concluded party primaries for the flag bearers for each of the following political parties?  were they: national resistance movement or nrm
what about the tv station that you watch most frequently.  in your opinion, does this tv station give equal or unequal coverage to different candidates in the forthcoming elections
what did they offer
what do you think about each of the political parties participating in the forthcoming elections. after i read the name of a political party, please say whether you strongly dislike, dislike, feel neutral about, like, or strongly like that party.   if i come to a party you haven’t heard of or you feel you do not know enough about, just say so.  the first party is: the conservative party (cp)
what do you think about each of the political parties participating in the forthcoming elections. after i read the name of a political party, please say whether you strongly dislike, dislike, feel neutral about, like, or strongly like that party.   if i come to a party you haven’t heard of or you feel you do not know enough about, just say so.  what about: [country] federal alliance (ufa)
what do you think about each of the political parties participating in the forthcoming elections. after i read the name of a political party, please say whether you strongly dislike, dislike, feel neutral about, like, or strongly like that party.   if i come to a party you haven’t heard of or you feel you do not know enough about, just say so.  what about: [country] people’s congress (upc)
what do you think about each of the political parties participating in the forthcoming elections. after i read the name of a political party, please say whether you strongly dislike, dislike, feel neutral about, like, or strongly like that party.   if i come to a party you haven’t heard of or you feel you do not know enough about, just say so.  what about: forum for democratic change (fdc)
what do you think about each of the political parties participating in the forthcoming elections. after i read the name of a political party, please say whether you strongly dislike, dislike, feel neutral about, like, or strongly like that party.   if i come to a party you haven’t heard of or you feel you do not know enough about, just say so.  what about: inter party coalition (ipc)
what do you think about each of the political parties participating in the forthcoming elections. after i read the name of a political party, please say whether you strongly dislike, dislike, feel neutral about, like, or strongly like that party.   if i come to a party you haven’t heard of or you feel you do not know enough about, just say so.  what about: national resistance movement (nrm)
what do you think about each of the political parties participating in the forthcoming elections. after i read the name of a political party, please say whether you strongly dislike, dislike, feel neutral about, like, or strongly like that party.   if i come to a party you haven’t heard of or you feel you do not know enough about, just say so.  what about: people’s development party (pdp)
what do you think about each of the political parties participating in the forthcoming elections. after i read the name of a political party, please say whether you strongly dislike, dislike, feel neutral about, like, or strongly like that party.   if i come to a party you haven’t heard of or you feel you do not know enough about, just say so.  what about: people’s progressive party (ppp)
what do you think about each of the political parties participating in the forthcoming elections. after i read the name of a political party, please say whether you strongly dislike, dislike, feel neutral about, like, or strongly like that party.   if i come to a party you haven’t heard of or you feel you do not know enough about, just say so.  what about: the democratic party (dp)
what do you think about each of the political parties participating in the forthcoming elections. after i read the name of a political party, please say whether you strongly dislike, dislike, feel neutral about, like, or strongly like that party.   if i come to a party you haven’t heard of or you feel you do not know enough about, just say so.  what about: the justice forum (jeema)
what do you think about each of the political parties participating in the forthcoming elections. after i read the name of a political party, please say whether you strongly dislike, dislike, feel neutral about, like, or strongly like that party.   if i come to a party you haven’t heard of or you feel you do not know enough about, just say so.  what about: the social democratic party (sdp)
what if anything is the source of your spiritual strength
what is the fifth language that you speak well
what is the first language that you speak well
what is the fourth language that you speak well
what is the highest level of education you have completed
what is the highest level of education you have completed?          48
what is the second language that you speak well
what is the seventh language that you speak well
what is the sixth language that you speak well
what is the third language that you speak well
what is your father’s caste
what is your mother’s caste
what is your religion, if any
what is your tribe? you know, your ethnic or cultural group
what is your tribe? you know, your ethnic or cultural group.          43
what kind of consequences
what languages do you speak well
what proportion of the questions do you feel the respondent had difficulty answering
what province did you live in before the december 2007 elections
what was the main topic of the most recent meeting you are aware of
what was the name of the village or town where you lived before the december 2007 elections
what was the primary language used in the interview
what was the primary language used in the interview?          53
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview? was he or she: at ease, in between, or suspicious
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview? was he or she: cooperative, in between, or uncooperative
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview? was he or she: cooperative, in between, or uncooperative?         51
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview? was he or she: cooperative, in between, or uncooperative?         52
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview? was he or she: cooperative, in between, or uncooperative?         53
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview? was he or she: friendly, in between, or hostile
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview? was he or she: honest, in between, or misleading
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview? was he or she: honest, in between, or misleading?         54
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview? was he or she: interested, in between, or bored
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview? was he or she: interested, in between, or bored?         52
what was the respondent’s attitude toward you during the interview? was he or she: patient, in between, or impatient
when there are problems with how local authority is run in your community, how much can an ordinary person do to improve the situation
when there are problems with how local government is run in your community, how much can an ordinary person do to improve the situation
when you get together with your friends or family, would you say you discuss political matters:
where is your main source of water for household use located
where is your main source of water for household use located?         49
which [[country]ian or kenyan or etc.]language is your home language
which [country]an language is your home language
which [country]ian language is your home language
which [country]n language is your home language
which [country]n language is your home language? (other, verbatim)
which beninese language is your home language
which botswana language is your home language
which branch of government do you think was most responsible for this manipulation? was it:
which burkinabe language is your home language
which cape verden language is your home language
which kenyan language is your home language
which lesotho language is your home language
which liberia language is your home language
which malagasy language is your home language
which mozambican language is your home language
which of the following is most important to you when deciding how to vote for president
which of the following is most important to you when deciding how to vote for your member of parliament
which of the following security agencies do you think was most subject to manipulation
which of the following statements best describes what you will do in the upcoming elections in 2011
which of the following statements is closest to your opinion? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: i would not vote for a candidate from the political party to which i feel close to unless they are also from my ethnic group statement 2: i would vote for a candidate from the political party that i feel close to, even if they came from a different ethnic group from mine
which of the following statements is closest to your opinion? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: the rebellion in the north is a just war for autonomy and development of the country. statement 2: the rebellion in the north is an unjust war against national unity
which of the following statements is closest to your opinion. choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: every citizen should exercise their right to participate in governance by voting in elections statement 2: it is useless to vote, since there is no party or political leader capable of offering a credible alternative to the current government led by president blaise compaoré and the cdp
which of the following statements is closest to your opinion. choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: independent candidates should be allowed in municipal elections statement 2: municipal election candidates should be sponsored by political parties only
which of the following statements is closest to your opinion. choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: independent candidates should be allowed in parliamentary elections statement 2: parliamentary election candidates should only be sponsored by political parties
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2         17 statement 1: parliament should ensure that the president explains to it on a regular basis how his government spends taxpayers’ money. statement 2: the president should be able to devote his full attention to developing the country rather than wasting time justifying his actions
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2         17 statement 1: the national assembly should ensure that the president explains to it on a regular basis how his government spends taxpayers’ money. statement 2: the president should be able to devote his full attention to developing the country rather than wasting time justifying his actions
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2         18 statement 1: the national assembly should ensure that the president explains to it on a regular basis how his government spends taxpayers’ money. statement 2: the president should be able to devote his full attention to developing the country rather than wasting time justifying his actions
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2  statement 1: in electing a member of parliament, i prefer to vote for a candidate who can deliver goods and services to people in this community? statement 2: in electing a member of parliament, i prefer to vote for a candidate who can make policies that benefit everyone in our country
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1:  the news media should constantly investigate and report on corruption and the mistakes made by the government statement 2: too much reporting on negative events, like corruption, only harms the country
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: opposition parties should regularly examine and criticize government policies and actions. statement 2: opposition parties should concentrate on cooperating with government and helping it develop the country
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: parliament should ensure that the president explains to it on a regular basis how his government spends taxpayers’ money. statement 2: the president should be able to devote his full attention to developing the country rather than wasting time justifying his actions
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: parliament should ensure that the president explains to it on a regular basis how his government spends taxpayers’ money. statement 2: the president should be able to devote his full attention to developing the country rather than wasting time justifying his actions.         17
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: parliament should ensure that the president explains to it on a regular basis how his or her government spends taxpayers’ money. statement 2: the president should be able to devote his or her full attention to developing the country rather than wasting time justifying his actions.         19
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: the constitution should limit the president to serving a maximum of two terms in office. statement 2: there should be no constitutional limit on how long the president can serve
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: the constitution should limit the prime minister to serving a maximum of two terms in office. statement 2: there should be no constitutional limit on how long the prime minister can serve
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: the costs of reforming the economy are too high; the government should therefore abandon its current economic policies statement 2: in order for the economy to get better in the future, it is necessary for us to accept some hardships now
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: the national assembly should ensure that the president explains to it on a regular basis how his government spends taxpayers’ money. statement 2: the president should be able to devote his full attention to developing the country rather than wasting time justifying his actions
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: the national assembly should ensure that the president explains to it on a regular basis how his government spends taxpayers’ money. statement 2: the president should be able to devote his full attention to developing the country rather than wasting time justifying his actions.         17
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: the national assembly should ensure that the president explains to it on a regular basis how his government spends the taxpayers’ money. statement 2: the president should be able to devote his full attention to developing the country rather than wasting time justifying his actions
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: the national assembly should ensure that the prime minster explains to it on a regular basis how his government spends taxpayers’ money. statement 2: the prime minister should be able to devote his full attention to developing the country rather than wasting time justifying his actions
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: the national legislature should ensure that the president explains to it on a regular basis how her government spends taxpayers’ money. statement 2: the president should be able to devote her full attention to developing the country rather than wasting time justifying his actions
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2 statement 1: the news media should constantly investigate and report on corruption and the mistakes made by the government statement 2: too much reporting on negative events, like corruption, only harms the country
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.          18 statement 1: since the president was elected to lead the country, he should not be bound by laws or court decisions that he thinks are wrong.  statement 2: the president must always obey the laws and the courts, even if he thinks they are wrong
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.          28 statement 1: in electing a representative to the parliament, i prefer to vote for a candidate who can deliver goods and services to people in this community.  statement 2: in electing a representative to the parliament, i prefer to vote for a candidate who can make policies that benefit everyone in our country
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.          42 statement 1: given the political divisions in [country], creating a coalition government was the best way to resolve the recent post-election crisis. statement 2: government by coalition is ineffective; leaders should have found another way to resolve the crisis
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.     statement 1:  donors should put pressure on the [country]n government to ensure that the campaign and election processes are free and fair. statement 2: campaigns and election processes s are domestic affairs and the donors should not interfere
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.     statement 1: government should be able to ban any organization that goes against its policies. statement 2: we should be able to join any organization, whether or not the government approves of it
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.     statement 1: government should be able to close newspapers that print stories it does not like. statement 2: the news media should be free to publish any story that they see fit without fear of being shut down
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.     statement 1: government should not allow the expression of political views that are fundamentally different from the views of the majority. statement 2: people should be able to speak their minds about politics free of government influence, no matter how unpopular their views may be
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.     statement 1: in our country, women should have equal rights and receive the same treatment as men do. statement 2: women have always been subject to traditional laws and customs, and should remain so
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.     statement 1: people are like children; the government should take care of them like a parent. statement 2: government is like an employee; the people should be the bosses who control the government
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.     statement 1: people are like children; the government should take care of them like a parent. statement 2: government is like an employee; the people should be the bosses who control the government         12
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.     statement 1: people should always have the right to hold peaceful political gatherings, rallies or demostartions without first seeking the permission of government or the police. statement 2: the government and the police should be able to control when and where people are allowed to hold political gatherings, rallies or demostartions
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.     statement 1: since leaders represent everyone, they should not favour their own family or group. statement 2: once in office, leaders are obliged to help their home community
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.     statement 1: the opposition has presented a convincing alternative vision and plan for [country]. statement 2: the opposition has not shown that it has the plans to solve the country’s problems
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.     statement 1: women should have the same chance of being elected to political office as men. statement 2: men make better political leaders than women, and should be elected rather than women
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.    statement 1:  the [country] electoral commission (zec) performs its duties as a neutral body guided only by law. statement 2:  the [country] electoral commission (zec) makes decisions that favor particular people, parties or interests
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in [[country] or kenya or etc.]. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that [[country]ians or kenyans or etc.] have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in [country]. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that [country] have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in [country]. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that [country]ans have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in [country]. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that [country]ians have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in [country]. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that [country]ns have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in benin. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that beninese have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in botswana. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that batswana have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in burkina faso. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that burkinabe have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in cape verde. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that capeverdians have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in kenya. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that kenyans have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in lesotho. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that [nationality] have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in liberia. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that liberians have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in madagascar. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that madagascans have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in mozambique. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that mozambicans have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in senegal. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that [country]ns have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.   statement 1: political parties create division and confusion; it is therefore unnecessary to have many political parties in senegal. statement 2: many political parties are needed to make sure that senegalese have real choices in who governs them
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1:  cabinet ministers should not be appointed from the parliament, because this blurs the separation of powers between the executive branch and the legislature, and accountability becomes difficult. statement 2:  there is no need to have complete separation of powers between the legislature and the executive branches of government hence, cabinet ministers in [country] should continue to be appointed from the parliament
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1:  no matter how you vote, it won’t make things any better in the future statement 2: the way you vote could make things better in the future
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1:  political parties in botswana should be publicly funded to put all parties on an equal footing. statement 2: political parties should continue to be responsible for raising their own funds from their supporters
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1:  the kgotla system is too cumbersome and outdated; it is no longer useful as a forum for public consultation.  statement 2: the kgotla system is part of our culture and helps to strengthen our democracy; it should be retained as a forum for public consultation
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: :  the representatives to the national assembly represent the people; therefore they should make laws for this country, even if the prime minister does not agree. statement 2: since the prime minister represents all of us, he should pass laws without worrying about what national assembly thinks
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: [country] should abandon the [country] dollar and adopt the use of foreign currency such as the [country]n rand or the united states dollar, even if it means losing part of its sovereignty. statement 2: [country] is a sovereign country and should not adopt another country’s currency, even temporarily
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: [country]n traders should be able to sell goods anywhere they choose, including on the streets. statement 2: the government should prevent traders from selling in places where they block roads and pavements
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: all civil servants should keep their jobs, even if paying their salaries is costly to the country. statement 2: the government cannot afford so many public employees and should lay some of them off
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: all those responsible for human rights violations committed during the conflict in northern [country] should be granted amnesty, which means that they should never be subject to criminal prosecution statement 2: only the lra’s top leadership should stand trial for their crimes committed during the conflict in northern [country]  statement 3: all those who are responsible for human rights violations in northern [country], from both government and the lra, should be held accountable in the courts for what they have done
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: an individual must have spiritual strength in order to be successful in life.  statement 2: only discipline and hard work can guarantee personal success in life
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: as head of state, president museveni has the right to use government resources and programs in his campaigns statement 2: president museveni should not use government resources in his campaign because it gives him an unfair advantage over other candidates
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: as the most widely spoken language in the country, chichewa should be designated as an official language of [country], along with english.  statement 2: [country] is a country of many languages; as such, no local language can properly be designated as an official language alongside of english
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: businessmen who win parliamentary elections should not be appointed to cabinet positions because of potential conflicts of interests.  statement 2: businessmen who win parliamentary elections should be allowed to serve in cabinet positions
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: candidates for president should be required to have obtained a university degree to ensure they have a broad understanding of the issues. statement 2: there should be no minimum education requirement for running for president
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: creole should become an official language of cape verde, together with portuguese..  statement 2: creole should remain as it is, being widely spoken but not treated as an official language
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: divine intervention is responsible for [country]’s achievement over the years.  statement 2: the creativity and disciplined efforts of [country]ians are the major factors leading to the nation’s success
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: for the sake of the country’s development, the national budget discussions should take precedence over all other agenda items during the budget session in parliament. statement 2: for the sake of democracy, constitutional issues like the implementation of section 65 concerning crossing of the floor should take precedence over other agenda items, even during the budget session
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: former presidents should not be barred from leading political parties as long as they are popularly nominated and voted into the leadership position. statement 2: former presidents should retire from active politics, and should not be allowed to lead political parties after leaving office
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: given the political divisions in kenya, creating a coalition government was the best way to resolve the recent post-election crisis.   statement 2: government by coalition is ineffective; leaders should have found another way to resolve the crisis
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: government contracts affect all [country]ns, and should therefore always be reviewed by parliament on behalf of the citizens. statement 2: government contracts are negotiated by competent government officials. they should be sent to parliament for review
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: government should give priority in allocating resources to the needs of northern [country] for idp resettlement, even if this means that less money is spent in the rest of the country. statement 2: there are many other problems facing this country that government should focus on; resettling idps should not be given priority over the needs of the rest of the country
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: if there is a transfer scheme for the poor, the recipients should be identified by a committee elected by each community. statement 2: if there is a transfer scheme for the poor, the recipients should be identified by government or by non-government officials from outside the community
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: in electing a member of parliament, i prefer to vote for a candidate who can deliver goods and services to people in this community.          30 statement 2: in electing a member of parliament, i prefer to vote for a candidate who can make policies that benefit everyone in our country
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: in electing a member of parliament, i prefer to vote for a candidate who can deliver goods and services to people in this community.  statement 2: in electing a member of parliament, i prefer to vote for a candidate who can make policies that benefit everyone in our country
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: in electing a national assembly deputy, i prefer to vote for a candidate who can deliver goods and services to people in this community.          28 statement 2: in electing a national assembly deputy, i prefer to vote for a candidate who can make policies that benefit everyone in our country
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: in electing a national assembly deputy, i prefer to vote for a candidate who can deliver goods and services to people in this community.  statement 2: in electing a national assembly deputy, i prefer to vote for a candidate who can make policies that benefit everyone in our country
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: in electing a representative to the national assembly, i prefer to vote for a candidate who can deliver goods and services to people in this community.  statement 2: in electing a representative to the national assembly, i prefer to vote for a candidate who can make policies that benefit everyone in our country
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: in electing a representative to the national assembly, you prefer to vote for a candidate who can deliver goods and services to people in this community.  statement 2: in electing a representative to the national assembly, you prefer to vote for a candidate who can make policies that benefit everyone in our country
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: in electing a representative to the national legislature, i prefer to vote for a candidate who can deliver goods and services to people in this community.  statement 2: in electing a representative to the national legislature, i prefer to vote for a candidate who can make policies that benefit everyone in our country
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: in electing representatives to the national assembly, i prefer to vote for a political party that can deliver goods and services to people in this community.  statement 2: in electing representatives to the national assembly, i prefer to vote for a political party that can make policies that benefit everyone in our country
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: in our country, women should have equal rights and receive the same treatment as men do. statement 2: women have always been subject to traditional laws and customs, and should remain so
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: in the interest of unity, [country] should adopt a rotational system for choosing the president that gives each region a chance to govern the country. statement 2: adopting a rotational system for choosing the president will simply glorify and entrench regionalism, which is a threat to our democracy
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: in this country, we should have a pension scheme for the elderly to ensure that our old people are well taken care of. statement 2: the elderly should be cared for by themselves and their own families, rather than by a pension scheme, which the government cannot afford
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: individuals should be allowed to run for president as many times as they want, as long as they have been nominated by their party. statement 2: no one should be allowed to run for president more than two times
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: it is better for private traders to handle agricultural marketing, even if some farmers get left out. statement 2: it is better for government to buy and sell crops, even if some farmers are served late
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: it is better to find lawful solutions to problems even if it takes longer. statement 2: it is sometimes better to ignore the law and solve problems immediately using other means
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: it is better to have free schooling for our children, even if the quality of education is low. statement 2: it is better to raise educational standards, even if we have to pay school fees
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: it is better to have goods in the market, even if the prices are high. statement 2: it is better to have low prices, even if there are shortages of goods
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: just as there is a lower age limit for participating in politics by voting or running for political office, there should also be an upper age limit for all elected positions, including ward councillor, member of parliament and state president. statement 2: there should be no upper age limit for elected office; it should be up to voters to decide whether to nominate and vote for an older person
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: mayors of local authorities should be directly elected by the public.  statement 2:  mayors of our local authorities should be elected by the local government councillors
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: members of parliament represent the people; therefore they should make laws for this country, even if the president does not agree. statement 2: since the president represents all of us, he or she should pass laws without worrying about what parliament thinks
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: members of parliament represent the people; therefore they should make laws for this country, even if the president does not agree. statement 2: since the president represents all of us, he should pass laws without worrying about what parliament thinks
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: national assembly deputies represent the people; therefore they should make laws for this country, even if the president does not agree. statement 2: since the president represents all of us, he should pass laws without worrying about what the national assembly thinks
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: now that there is relative peace in northern [country], priority should be given to reconstruction over bringing the perpetrators of war crimes to justice. statement 2: bringing perpetrators of atrocities in northern [country] to justice should be given priority over reconstruction
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: our present system of elected government should be given more time to deal with inherited problems. statement 2: if our present system cannot produce results soon, we should try another form of government
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: our present system of elected government should be given more time to deal with inherited problems. statement 2: if our present system cannot produce results soon, we should try another form of government         19
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: our present system of elected government should be given more time to deal with inherited problems. statement 2: if our present system cannot produce results soon, we should try another form of government         20
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: presidents who serve the maximum two consecutive terms should be allowed to stand for office again after some time as long as their political parties nominate them. statement 2: once a president serves the maximum of two consecutive terms, he or she should retire and never run again
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: public officials under investigation for corruption undermine the integrity and credibility of the government  they should therefore immediately resign from their public offices statement 2: public officials under investigation for corruption remain innocent until proven guilty in a court of law. they should therefore not leave office unless they are convicted of a crime
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: sanctions are hurting ordinary [country]ans and should be removed. statement 2: sanctions are only targeted at few individuals who are resisting change and should be maintained
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: since presidents are elected to lead the country, they should not be bound by laws or court decisions that they think are wrong.  statement 2:  presidents must always obey the laws and the courts, even if they think they are wrong
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: since the president was elected to lead the country, he or she should not be bound by laws or court decisions that he thinks are wrong.  statement 2: the president must always obey the laws and the courts, even if he or she thinks they are wrong
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: since the president was elected to lead the country, he should not be bound by laws or court decisions that he thinks are wrong.          18 statement 2: the president must always obey the laws and the courts, even if he thinks they are wrong
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: since the president was elected to lead the country, he should not be bound by laws or court decisions that he thinks are wrong.          19 statement 2: the president must always obey the laws and the courts, even if he thinks they are wrong
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: since the president was elected to lead the country, he should not be bound by laws or court decisions that he thinks are wrong.  statement 2: the president must always obey the laws and the courts, even if he thinks they are wrong
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: since the president was elected to lead the country, she should not be bound by laws or court decisions that he thinks are wrong.  statement 2: the president must always obey the laws and the courts, even if she thinks they are wrong
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: since the prime minister was elected to lead the country, he should not be bound by laws or court decisions that he thinks are wrong.  statement 2: the prime minister must always obey the laws and the courts, even if he thinks they are wrong
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the [country]n security forces perform their duties in an impartial and neutral manner statement 2: the [country]n security forces favour particular candidates and parties
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the automatic succession of the vice president to the presidency should be changed to allow for the election of a successor. statement 2: the current practice where the vice president automatically succeeds the president must be retained
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the best form of government is a government elected by its people. statement 2: the best form of government is a government that gets things done
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the constitutional council and the national electoral commission, which oversee elections, should be non-partisan, with their members appointed independently of party influence. statement 2: each party with seats in parliament should be able to appoint their own representatives to the constitutional council and national electoral commission in proportion to the number of seats they hold
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the costs of reforming the economy are too high; the government should therefore abandon its current economic policies.  statement 2: in order for the economy to get better in the future, it is necessary for us to accept some hardships now
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the current rule, which allows the president to send the prime minister to report to the assembly of the republic, rather than going himself, should be preserved. statement 2: the law should be changed so that the president is obliged to report to the assembly of the republic in person
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the current system where parliament chooses the president should be changed to allow for the direct election of the president. statement 2: the current system where the president of the country is chosen by parliament has served botswana well and should be retained
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the electoral commission of [country] performs its duties as a neutral body guided only by law statement 2: the electoral commission of [country] makes decisions that favour particular people, parties or interests
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the government should devote resources to keeping our communities clean, even if that means it must reduce expenditure in other sectors such as education and health. .  statement 2: keeping our communities clean is a less urgent problem and should therefore not be given any priority over education and health
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the government should focus the resources available for land reform on changing ownership in commercial areas, for example by purchasing commercial farms for resettlement programs or the affirmative action scheme. statement 2: the government should focus the resources available for land reform on providing better services in the communal areas, such as water and transport
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the government should immediately stop the prosecution of jacob zuma. statement 2: the judicial process should continue and run its course so that we can know whether jacob zuma is innocent or guilty
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the government should invest more to deliver public transport service  statement 2: the public transport service should be delivered by private entities
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the government should retain ownership of its factories, businesses and farms. statement 2: it is better for the government to sell its businesses to private companies and individuals
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the government should stick with its new policy of cost recovery in education, which calls for parents who can afford it to pay school fees. statement 2: the old system of free education for all should be re-introduced
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the government’s economic policies have helped most people; only a few have suffered.         11 statement 2: the government’s economic policies have hurt most people and only benefited a few
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the government’s economic policies have helped most people; only a few have suffered. statement 2: the government’s economic policies have hurt most people and only benefited a few
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the government’s economic policies have helped most people; only a few have suffered. statement 2: the government’s economic policies have hurt most people and only benefited a few.          10
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the metropolitan, municipal, and district chief executives (mm or dce’s) should be elected by voters in the local authority area. statement 2: the metropolitan, municipal and district chief executives (mm or dce’s) should continue to be appointed by the president with approval by assembly members
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the national assembly should pass legislation that prevents sitting presidents from being charged with a crime. statement 2: sitting presidents should not receive special consideration; they can be prosecuted for crimes they are accused of like everyone else
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the nepad african peer review mechanism (nepad or aprm) is a useful initiative that will help promote good governance in africa. it should be given all necessary support.          50 statement 2: the nepad or aprm is an empty initiative that is unlikely to do anything to improve governance in africa.  we should not waste time or resources in supporting it
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the nepad african peer review mechanism (nepad or aprm) is a useful initiative that will help promote good governance in africa. it should be given all necessary support.  statement 2: the nepad or aprm is an empty initiative that is unlikely to do anything to improve governance in africa.  we should not waste time or resources in supporting it
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the representatives of parliament represent the people; therefore they should make laws for this country, even if the president does not agree. statement 2: since the president represents all of us, he should pass laws without worrying about what parliament thinks
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the representatives of the national legislature represent the people; therefore they should make laws for this country, even if the president does not agree. statement 2:  since the president represents all of us, she should pass laws without worrying about what the national legislator thinks
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the representatives to the national assembly represent the people; therefore they should make laws for this country, even if the president does not agree. statement 2: since the president represents all of us, he should pass laws without worrying about what the national assembly thinks
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the scorpions have been misused for political purposes and violated people’s rights, and therefore should be disbanded. statement 2: the scorpions are an effective tool in the fight against crime and corruption and should be left alone
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the special partnership with the european union is a useful initiative that will contribute in an important way to the development of cape verde.  it should be given all necessary support..  statement 2: the special partnership with the european union is an empty initiative that is unlikely to contribute to the development of cape verde.  we should not waste time or resources in supporting it
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the use of violence is never justified in kenyan politics today. statement 2: in this country, it is sometimes necessary to use violence in support of a just cause
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: the use of violence is never justified in liberian politics today. statement 2: in this country, it is sometimes necessary to use violence in support of a just cause.         23
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: those who are responsible for human rights violations committed during past conflicts should be granted amnesty, which means that they would never be subject to criminal prosecution or other consequences for their actions. statement 2: those who are responsible for human rights violations should be held accountable and face consequences for what they have done
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: those who are responsible for human rights violations committed during recent conflicts should be granted amnesty, which means that they would never be subject to criminal prosecution or other consequences for their actions. statement 2: those who are responsible for human rights violations should be held accountable and face consequences for what they have done
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: to best serve their people, traditional leaders must remain independent of the government they should not receive government salaries.            38 statement 2: traditional leaders serve their communities and the government, and they should receive a salary from government for their work
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: to best serve their people, traditional leaders must remain independent of the government they should not receive government salaries.            39 statement 2: traditional leaders serve their communities and the government, and they should receive a salary from government for their work
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: to best serve their people, traditional leaders must remain independent of the government they should not receive government salaries.    statement 2: traditional leaders serve their communities and the government, and they should receive a salary from government for their work
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: traditional leaders must represent all of the their people equally. they should remain non-partisan, and not affiliate themselves with any political party.   statement 2: traditional leaders are citizens like everyone else and have the right to decide for themselves whether to support a particular party
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: traditional leaders must represent all of their people equally. they should remain non-partisan, and not affiliate themselves with any political party.   statement 2: traditional leaders are citizens like everyone else and have the right to decide for themselves whether to support a particular party
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: we should choose our leaders in this country through regular, open and honest elections. statement 2: since elections sometimes produce bad results, we should adopt other methods for choosing this country’s leaders
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: women should compete on an equal footing with men in political party primaries to be selected as candidates for parliamentary elections.          40 statement 2: political party leaders should give preference to women by selecting them as parliamentary candidates for the party’s safest seats or strongholds, instead of holding primaries
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2.  statement 1: women should have the same chance of being elected to political office as men. statement 2: men make better political leaders than women, and should be elected rather than women
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. 1. the government should devote many more resources to combating aids, even if this means that less money is spent on things like education. 2. there are many other problems facing this country beside aids; even if people are dying in large numbers, the government needs to keep its focus on solving other problems
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1:  [country] should use foreign currency such as the [country]n rand or the united states dollar, even if it means losing part of the country’s sovereignty. statement 2: [country] is a sovereign country and should not adopt another country’s currency, even temporarily
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1:  international economic sanctions are hurting ordinary [country]ans and should be removed. statement 2: sanctions are only targeted at few individuals who are resisting change and should be maintained
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: it is better to be able to visit clinics and get medicines for free, even if the quality of healthcare is low. statement 2: it is better to raise healthcare standards, even if we have to pay medical fees
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1 or statement 2. statement 1: it is better to have goods in the market, even if the prices are high. statement 2: it is better to have low prices, even if there are shortages of goods
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1or statement 2.             13 statement 1: government should be able to ban any organization that goes against its policies. statement 2: we should be able to join any organization, whether or not the government approves of it
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1or statement 2.     statement 1:  government should be able to ban any organization that goes against its policies. statement 2: we should be able to join any organization, whether or not the government approves of it
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1or statement 2.     statement 1: government should be able to ban any organization that goes against its policies.         12 statement 2: we should be able to join any organization, whether or not the government approves of it
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1or statement 2.     statement 1: government should be able to ban any organization that goes against its policies.         13 statement 2: we should be able to join any organization, whether or not the government approves of it
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1or statement 2.     statement 1: government should be able to ban any organization that goes against its policies. statement 2: we should be able to join any organization, whether or not the government approves of it
which of the following statements is closest to your view? choose statement 1or statement 2.     statement 1: government should be able to ban any organization that goes against its policies. statement 2: we should be able to join any organization, whether or not the government approves of it.         12
which of the following statements is closest to your view? statement 1:  the government’s economic policies have helped most people; only a few have suffered.  statement 2:  the government’s economic policies have hurt most people and only benefited a few
which of the following things did you or your family members do in response to these incidents of violence: moved in with relatives or others in the same area
which of the following things did you or your family members do in response to these incidents of violence: relocated outside kenya
which of the following things did you or your family members do in response to these incidents of violence: relocated to another part of town
which of the following things did you or your family members do in response to these incidents of violence: relocated to another rural area in kenya
which of the following things did you or your family members do in response to these incidents of violence: relocated to another town in kenya
which of the following things did you or your family members do in response to these incidents of violence: stayed in the same dwelling in the same area
which of the following things did you personally do in response to the violence caused by the civil wars? moved in with the relatives or others in the same region
which of the following things did you personally do in response to the violence caused by the civil wars? relocated outside liberia
which of the following things did you personally do in response to the violence caused by the civil wars? relocated to another part of liberia
which of the following three statements about power sharing comes closest to your view?  statement 1:power sharing is a good alternative to competitive elections, which rarely work well. statement 2:power sharing is a second-best solution, to be used only when elections fail. statement 3:power sharing is a bad alternative that should never replace competitive elections
which of these things do you personally own: motor vehicle, car or motorcycle
which of these things do you personally own: radio
which of these things do you personally own: radio?         51
which of these things do you personally own: television
which of these three statements is closest to your own opinion?  statement 1: democracy is preferable to any other kind of government statement 2: in some circumstances, a non-democratic government can be preferable. statement 3: for someone like me, it doesn’t matter what kind of government we have
which of these three statements is closest to your own opinion?  statement 1: democracy is preferable to any other kind of government statement 2: in some circumstances, a non-democratic government can be preferable. statement 3: for someone like you, it doesn’t matter what kind of government we have
which party is that
which party is that (other)
which party or parties made the offer
which questions did the respondent have trouble answering: first question
which questions did the respondent have trouble answering: second question
which questions did the respondent have trouble answering: second question?          59
which questions did the respondent have trouble answering: third question
which senegalese language is your home language
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks is it the central government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community: managing schools
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the central government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community:  allocating land
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the central government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community:  maintaining law and order
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the central government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community:  protecting rivers and forests
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the central government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community:  solving local disputes
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the central government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community: allocating land
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the central government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community: collecting income taxes
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the central government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community: keeping the community clean
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the central government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community: maintaining law and order
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the central government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community: managing health clinics
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the central government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community: managing schools
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the central government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community: protecting rivers and forests
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the central government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community: protecting rivers and forests?         32
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the central government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community: solving local disputes
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the federal government, the state government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community:  allocating land
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the federal government, the state government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community:  collecting income taxes
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the federal government, the state government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community: keeping the community clean
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the federal government, the state government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community: maintaining law and order
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the federal government, the state government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community: managing health clinics?         32
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the federal government, the state government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community: managing schools
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the federal government, the state government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community: protecting rivers and forests
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the federal government, the state government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community: solving local disputes
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the national government, the local government (your municipality or elected local authority council), traditional leaders, or members of your community: allocating land
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the national government, the local government (your municipality or elected local authority council), traditional leaders, or members of your community: collecting income taxes
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the national government, the local government (your municipality or elected local authority council), traditional leaders, or members of your community: keeping the community clean
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the national government, the local government (your municipality or elected local authority council), traditional leaders, or members of your community: maintaining law and order
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the national government, the local government (your municipality or elected local authority council), traditional leaders, or members of your community: managing health clinics
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the national government, the local government (your municipality or elected local authority council), traditional leaders, or members of your community: managing schools
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the national government, the local government (your municipality or elected local authority council), traditional leaders, or members of your community: protecting rivers and forests
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the national government, the local government (your municipality or elected local authority council), traditional leaders, or members of your community: solving local disputes
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the national government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community: allocating land
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the national government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community: collecting income taxes
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the national government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community: keeping the community clean
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the national government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community: maintaining law and order
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the national government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community: managing health clinics
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the national government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community: managing schools
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the national government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community: protecting rivers and forests
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the national government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community: protecting rivers and forests?         32
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks.  is it the national government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community: solving local disputes
who do you think actually has primary responsibility for managing each of the following tasks. is it the central government, the local government, traditional leaders, or members of your community: keeping the community clean
who should be responsible for:  making sure that, once elected, representative to the national legislature do their jobs
who should be responsible for: making sure that members of the district assembly do their jobs
who should be responsible for: making sure that, once elected, assembly men or women do their jobs
who should be responsible for: making sure that, once elected, community councillors do their jobs
who should be responsible for: making sure that, once elected, local authority councillors do their jobs
who should be responsible for: making sure that, once elected, local government councillors do their jobs
who should be responsible for: making sure that, once elected, local government councilors do their jobs
who should be responsible for: making sure that, once elected, local government officials do their jobs
who should be responsible for: making sure that, once elected, members of parliament do their jobs
who should be responsible for: making sure that, once elected, national assembly deputies do their jobs
who should be responsible for: making sure that, once elected, representatives to parliament do their jobs
who should be responsible for: making sure that, once elected, representatives to the national assembly do their jobs
who should be responsible for: making sure that, once elected, the president does her job
who should be responsible for: making sure that, once elected, the president does his job
who should be responsible for: making sure that, once elected, the president does his or her job
who should be responsible for: making sure that, once elected, the prime minister does his job
why do you never try to get: an identity document
why do you never try to get: help from the police when you need it
why do you never try to get: household services
why do you never try to get: medical treatment at a clinic
with regard to the 16 march 2008 regional elections, which statement is true for you
with regard to the 2007 national elections, which statement is true for you
with regard to the june 2008 presidential run-off elections, which statement is true for you
with regard to the may 2007 national elections, which statement is true for you
with regard to the most recent, 2004 national elections, which statement is true for you
with regard to the most recent, 2005 national elections, which statement is true for you
with regard to the most recent, 2006 national elections, which statement is true for you
with regard to the most recent, 2007 national elections, which statement is true for you
with regard to the most recent, 2008 national elections, which statement is true for you
with regard to the most recent, 2008 presidential run-off elections, which statement is true for you
within country weight         62
would you disapprove or approve of each of the following proposals concerning the financing of political parties and campaigns: placing limits on the amount of money that any single person or company can contribute to a political party
would you disapprove or approve of each of the following proposals concerning the financing of political parties and campaigns: placing limits on the total amount of money that each political party can receive
would you disapprove or approve of each of the following proposals concerning the financing of political parties and campaigns: placing limits on the total amount of money that each political party can spend in an election campaign
would you disapprove or approve of each of the following proposals concerning the financing of political parties and campaigns: requiring political parties to disclose publicly the source and amount of all donations
